The spirit and creativity that shines through Hispanic heritage is woven into the very fabric of our GREAT nation. 45.wh.gov/aUtJ8t
We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror, and the very real threat of Iran’s nuclear breakout.
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women of the U.S. Navy!
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
Tired of the Fake News and want to hear the truth? Watch for this week’s REAL news!
America is nation of BELIEVERS – and together, we are strengthened and sustained by the power of prayer.
We want LOWER taxes, BIGGER paychecks, and MORE jobs!🇺🇸 http://bit.ly/2yHSALC
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, October 13th: · Deliver remarks to the 2017 Values Voter Summit · Deliver remarks on the Iran Strategy · Visit the United States Secret Service James J. Rowley training facility
The WALL will be BUILT!  ➡️NO AMNESTY. ➡️NO CHAIN MIGRATION. #USA #MAGA
I proudly STAND for our great National Anthem. Join me to show RESPECT for our great country!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!➡️ http://45.wh.gov/Sp9y4H
The FAKE NEWS is at it again — going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
No destructive force on Earth is more powerful than the strength and resilience of the American people!
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, October 12th: · Sign Executive Order to promote healthcare choice and competition · Announcement of the Secretary of Homeland Security nominee
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families and that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America.🇺🇸
Departing Joint Base Andrews for Pennsylvania - to deliver a speech on TAX REFORM to the PROUD men & women of the American Trucking Associations!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election. Need tax cuts!
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders. The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL!
Congratulations to the 2017 Stanley Cup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins!
President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Wednesday, October 11th: · Welcome Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mrs. Grégoire Trudeau of Canada · Meeting with Prime Minister Trudeau · Expanded bilateral meeting with Prime Minster Trudeau · Travel to Harrisburg, PA · Give remarks on tax reform · Travel to Washington, D.C.
We continue to pray for those grieving and wounded after the mass shooting attack in Las Vegas.
We will be there for the people of California during this time of terrible tragedy and need. 45.wh.gov/Mzq2XQ
Thank you Gene Hanson — a GREAT American (and farmer) who is standing up for our flag, our anthem, and our country!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST.
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders, they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, October 10th: · Meeting with Dr. Henry Kissinger · Lunch with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis · Welcome the Stanley Cup Champions: The Pittsburgh Penguins
525 years ago, Christopher Columbus completed a remarkable voyage to the Americas, launching a new era of exploration and discovery. Happy Columbus Day! http://bit.ly/2y5p0OE
I asked Vice President Mike Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Second Lady Karen.
This National Manufacturing Day, we celebrate the American manufacturers and their workers who give true meaning to the famous phrase, "MADE IN THE USA!”🇺🇸 http://bit.ly/2yvmNgQ
In moments of tragedy and horror, America comes together as ONE. Please join us in praying for Las Vegas, and continuing to support our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.
This week our nation remembers all the wonderful people we have lost and all of the grace they brought into our lives and our communities.
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, October 6th: · Hispanic Heritage Month event · Signs the National Manufacturing Day Proclamation · Meeting with Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin · Meeting with U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Thursday, October 5th: · Meeting with Senator Tom Cotton · Meeting with Chairwoman of the Republican National Committee · Briefing with Senior Military leaders · Dinner with Senior Military leaders and spouses
MORE LAS VEGAS HEROES! THANK YOU! -President Trump
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror. We are defined by our LOVE, our CARING and our COURAGE.
We are with you 100 percent.
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
Our President is a determined leader who has demonstrated strong courage in the face of difficult challenges.
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, October 4th: · Travel to Las Vegas, Nevada · Visit with patients and medical professionals · Visit with civilian heroes and first responders · Travel to Washington, D.C.
So proud of FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency, Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency and First Responders.
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, October 3rd: · Travel to San Juan, Puerto Rico · Briefing on Hurricane Maria relief efforts · Visit with individuals impacted by Hurricane Maria · Meet with Governor Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands · Briefing with senior military personnel, Governor Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico, and Governor Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands · Greeting with the Navy and Marine Corps  · Travel to Washington, D.C.
Our unity cannot be shattered by evil. 45.wh.gov/Bg8VnQ
Our Nation is heartbroken. In memory of the fallen, I have directed that our great flag be flown at half-staff.
Melania and I are praying for every American who has been hurt, wounded, or lost the ones they love so dearly in this terrible, terrible attack. We pray for the entire nation to find unity and peace. And we pray for the day when evil is banished, and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear.  May God bless the souls of the lives that are lost. May God give us the grace of healing. And may God provide the grieving families with strength to carry on.
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, October 2nd: · Daily intelligence briefing  · Give remarks · Meeting with the governors of Kentucky, Mississippi, Maine, and New Hampshire · Welcome Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and Madam Chan-o-Cha of Thailand · Meeting with Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha  · Working luncheon with Prime Minister Chan-o-Cha · Lead a moment of silence  · Dinner with Republican Members of Congress
We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck, and the satisfaction of a JOB WELL DONE.
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
With President Trump, we will all succeed together as one GREAT American family. Watch this week’s REAL news!
Under my Administration, the era of economic surrender is OVER – and the rebirth of American Industry has begun.
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Saturday, September 30th: · Phone call with Administrator of FEMA Brock Long · Phone call with Governor Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico · Phone call with Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico Jenniffer González-Colón · Phone call with Luis Fortuño, former Governor of Puerto Rico · Phone call with Governor Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Join me for my Weekly Address, from the White House.
Thank you National Association of Manufacturers. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017.
Thank you to FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard, against terrible odds, in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
Let’s come together to deliver this giant WIN for the American people and begin the Middle Class Miracle once again! 45.wh.gov/ArTAY5
To our fellow Americans impacted by Hurricane Maria: We will be here to support you until you recover better and stronger than ever before.  Please consider donating to the national disaster relief funds below: · American Red Cross - http://rdcrss.org/2jel0FZ · United for Puerto Rico: http://bit.ly/2xo405y · Salvation Army - http://bit.ly/2xU6oPp · Samaritan’s Purse - http://sampur.se/2xUgMGh · ASPCA - http://bit.ly/2xOYnhb · The Humane Society - http://bit.ly/2wZVMyG
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, September 29th: · Daily intelligence briefing · Give remarks to the National Association of Manufacturers · Lunch with Vice President Mike Pence & Governor Rick Scott of Florida · Travel to Bedminster, NJ
We will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and we will bring back our great AMERICAN DREAMS!
Welcome back Congressman Steve Scalise! #TeamScalise
We’re doing everything in our power to help the hard-hit people of both Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.🇺🇸🇻🇮
We will respond with an even mightier force: the resolve of the American spirit.🇺🇸🇵🇷
We need Washington to PROMOTE American jobs instead of obstructing them. It's time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR nation, and to fight for OUR great American workers!🇺🇸
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, September 28th: · Daily intelligence briefing · Meeting with Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke · Celebration of the 70th anniversary of the National Security Council · Greets Vice Premier Liu Yandong of the People’s Republic of China
This is the right TAX CUT at the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed and grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, and one American family!
Join me in the front for a once in a generation, historical TAX REFORM announcement in Indianapolis, Indiana. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Facebook was always anti-Trump. The Networks (Fake News) were always anti-Trump. But the PEOPLE were Pro-Trump! No President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months. #MAGA
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, September 27th: · Daily intelligence briefing · Meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson · Travel to to Indianapolis, IN · Remarks on tax reform · Travel to to Washington, D.C.
Watch. Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem!  🇺🇸🇯🇲
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. America stands with you in confronting this evil that threatens all humanity. 🇺🇸🇪🇸
Always remember this: Do what you love. Study what you love. Follow your hearts, and you're going to be tremendously successful people. http://bit.ly/2fQ9xZb
America's hearts and prayers are with the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag — we MUST honor and respect it! SIGN to stand up for our flag, our heroes, and our country.>>> http://bit.ly/2wSjMXC🇺🇸
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to The White House today!
My administration will do everything possible to provide our children with access to high-quality STEM and computer science education. Read More: 45.wh.gov/BCCVwe
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, September 26th: · Daily intelligence briefing · Meeting with bipartisan members of the House Committee on Ways and Means · Briefing on hurricane recovery efforts · Meeting with President Mariano Rajoy of Spain · Working luncheon with President Rajoy · Joint press conference with President Rajoy · Travel to New York, NY · U.S. Mission greeting · Meeting with Chairwoman of the Republican National Committee · Roundtable with RNC supporters · Remarks at the RNC finance dinner · Travel to Washington, D.C.
When President Trump won he sent this message to The Swamp: You will start working for the American PEOPLE. Now we must keep fighting to #MAGA! Harlan Z. Hill
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, September 25th: · Daily intelligence briefing · Lunch with Vice President Mike Pence · Announcement on the Trump Administration’s commitment to equipping the American workforce for jobs of the future · Dinner with grassroots leaders
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
The American Family has always been the heart of our great nation.
This week President Trump delivered the world a message of strength, unity, and patriotism. This is true American leadership. This is REAL news.
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy & fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States! A GREAT Bill!
Our hope is...a future of DIGNITY and PEACE for the people of this wonderful Earth. This is the true vision of the United Nations.
President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, September 22nd: · Travel to Huntsville, AL · U.S. Senate Rally for Luther Strange · Travel to Bedminster, NJ
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me! Now a close runoff — he won't let you down!
President Trump is a CHAMPION for the American taxpayer who knows that 30 years without major tax reform is too long. Tell your Senator and Congressman TODAY — I support President Trump’s tax plan! Madison Gesiotto
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with regard to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo.
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea. Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA
Under President Donald J. Trump, we will pass the largest tax cut in American history – and a tax cut means an economy where anything is possible and where anyone can improve their lives and achieve the American Dream.
Happy birthday to the U.S. Navy. The American people are grateful for the courageous men and women serving our nation and helping to keep us safe.
President Donald J. Trump and our entire administration will work closely with Governor Jerry Brown to see California through these challenging times. We are grateful for the firefighters who are putting their lives on the line to protect the people of California. The U.S. Forest Service has dispatched five firefighting crews, four dozers, and two strike teams. President Trump and I are standing with California, and the American people will have the communities that are affected in our thoughts and prayers in the days ahead.
I left today’s Colts game because President Donald J. Trump and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem. At a time when so many Americans are inspiring our nation with their courage, resolve, and resilience, now, more than ever, we should rally around our Flag and everything that unites us. While everyone is entitled to their own opinions, I don’t think it’s too much to ask NFL players to respect the Flag and our National Anthem. I stand with President Trump, I stand with our soldiers, and I will always stand for our Flag and our National Anthem.
I was in Las Vegas with Karen today and told them, on behalf of President Donald J. Trump, my family, and every family in America, we are with them. We are all Vegas Strong. Those we lost were taken before their time but their names and stories will be forever etched in the hearts of the American people.
As President Donald J. Trump often says, when one part of America hurts, we all hurt. When one part of America struggles, we all struggle. And when one part of America cries out for help, we come together. Under the President's leadership, we will be with the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands every step of the way.
Images of destruction have moved the hearts of the American people. It was inspiring for Karen and me to meet with the resilient families recovering from Hurricane Maria in the U.S Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. As I told them, under President Donald J. Trump: we will be here for the long haul.
Karen and I met with Puerto Rican families in Florida last night at the state's disaster relief center providing services to families displaced by Hurricane Maria. Today, at the request of President Donald J. Trump, we will travel to Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands to meet with more impacted families.
Under President Donald J. Trump, we will restore our proud legacy of leadership on this next, great frontier and America will lead in space once again. And to guide this new era of American space leadership, President Trump relaunched the National Space Council – and it was my great honor to serve as its chair at the first meeting in nearly a quarter-century. #NextFrontier
WATCH LIVE! As chair, I am proud to host the first meeting of the National Space Council in nearly 25 years. #NextFrontier
This morning the National Space Council will hold its first meeting in nearly 25 years, and as its chairman, I will deliver a simple message: America will lead in space again.   Read The Wall Street Journal op-ed below. #NextFrontier
Inspiring to see others donating blood in Arizona to help those hurt in the Las Vegas shooting. You're in our prayers. We are one nation and one people united. To find a blood bank, please visit: www.unitedbloodservices.org
To victims, families, and loved ones affected by this senseless violence in Las Vegas, Karen and I are praying for you and offering our love. The hearts and prayers of the American people are with you. You have our condolences and sympathies. To the courageous first responders, thank you for your acts of bravery.
President Donald J. Trump has laid out our plan for what will be the largest tax cut in American history, to bring about what he called, “a middle-class miracle," that will once again put the American people, American workers, and America first.
Talked with Fox News' Kristin Fisher in Michigan about President Donald J. Trump's pro-worker tax cuts and plans to grow our economy.
President Donald J. Trump's tax plan will empower American companies and American workers who know that tax cuts mean more jobs. Tax cuts mean higher wages. Tax cuts mean more money in your pocket on payday.  And tax cuts create an economy where anything is possible again, where anyone can achieve and live the American Dream.
‪Bringing President Donald J. Trump's pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, pro-American tax reform message to the hard working families of Michigan. Tomorrow I'll deliver remarks on the President's tax reform message at American Axle in Auburn Hills. Follow along using the hashtag #VPinMI‬.
This morning I talked with WVLK in Kentucky about how Obamacare has failed. It's failed the people of Kentucky; it's failed the people of America. Obamacare will continue to implode and be a hardship on our families and businesses, and President Donald J. Trump and I are determined to give the American people a fresh start on healthcare.
Heading to Alabama later this afternoon to visit NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, meet NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration employees, and tour the center. Follow along using #VPinAL.
Watch President Donald J. Trump's weekly address where he makes clear, "We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reform our tax code and pave the way to unprecedented prosperity. By doing what we’re doing, we will see results like you’ve never seen before. It will be the largest tax cut in our country’s history. I am asking members in both parties to come together, to put aside partisan differences, and to pass historic tax reform and tax cuts for the great citizens of our nation. That’s how we will all succeed and thrive together – as one team, one people, and one American Family."
Enjoyed being home in Indiana and talking with Hoosiers about President Donald J. Trump's agenda of tax reform and repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Spoke with Fox & Friends about the #GrahamCassidy plan, which will repeal and replace Obamacare and allow states to innovate and create better quality health care.
Arriving at United Nations headquarters this morning and will give remarks soon to UN Security Council on reforms to UN peacekeeping: 45.wh.gov/tGDG6m
Happy 70th birthday to the United States Air Force. Thank you to the brave men and women who are serving and helping to keep the American people safe.
On this Constitution Day, as President Donald J. Trump said, "Let us recommit ourselves to our Founding Principles, and rededicate ourselves to our glorious heritage.  We have inherited a birthright of freedom - we must defend it dearly, protect it jealously, and promote it proudly, as one nation under God.  We must rise to the task of self-governance, prove worthy of the sacrifices made to carve out this magnificent nation, and we must give our loyalty to our Republic and its citizens in all that we do."
In this week's address, President Donald J. Trump begins by "continuing to send our prayers to all of those affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. From Texas to Louisiana to Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico, we are coordinating closely with local authorities to help everyone impacted by these catastrophic storms. When Americans are in need, America pulls together. And we will not rest until everyone is safe, sound, and secure. We will be there tomorrow and the day after, as we work to respond, recover, and rebuild. When Americans are united, no force on earth can break us apart."
President Donald J. Trump's directive this past weekend was very clear. Wherever Irma went, we were going to be there first. The President made it clear today, "We are with you Florida. We are with you today, tomorrow, and we will be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger and better than ever before."
On the way to Florida and will meet up with President Donald J. Trump, First Lady Melania Trump, Governor Scott, Senator Nelson, and Senator Rubio. Our message to Florida: we are with you.
If you can help with Harvey and Irma efforts, please visit NVOAD.org to find organizations active in helping with the recovery. Thanks to all volunteering.
To the families of the fallen, as President Donald J. Trump promised this morning, the memory of your loved ones will always be with us. As long as America endures, we will tell their story and generations of Americans will ever be inspired by the faithful and courageous words and deeds of the heroes of Flight 93.
I will always believe that I, and many others in our nation’s capital, were able to go home that day to hug our families because of the courage and selflessness of the heroes of Flight 93.
Today we pause to remember and pray for the victims, their families, our first responders and all those Americans who, by their bravery, service and sacrifice, have made this day of tragedy into a triumph of freedom. We will never forget 9-11. This morning we will gather in Pennsylvania to commemorate the 16th anniversary of September 11: http://45.wh.gov/kwYiCK
In this week's address, President Donald J. Trump discusses Hurricane Irma: "Our Administration is working closely with our state and local partners to help save lives, protect families, and assist those in need. This is a storm of absolutely historic destructive potential. I ask everyone in the storm's path to be vigilant, and to heed all recommendations from government officials and law enforcement. Nothing is more important than the safety and security of our people."
At President Donald J. Trump's direction, the full resources of the federal government will continue to flow to the communities and families of southeast Texas.
To those in the path of #HurricaneIrma, listen to state and local officials. It's imperative we put the safety of our families and neighbors first.
As President Donald J. Trump made clear in North Dakota: "We need tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and pro-American."
With the leadership of President Donald J. Trump, we will pass historic tax cuts and deliver real economic growth that will be lasting for the American people.
President Donald J. Trump is committed to the health and well-being of the American people and we are confident that Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeon general.
Today we celebrate America's spirit of hard work and ingenuity. To all the hardworking men and women of America, happy Labor Day!
In this week's address, President Donald J. Trump addressed the destruction caused by Hurricane Harvey and reaffirmed, "All American hearts are with the people of Texas and Louisiana. We mourn and pray and struggle through the hardships—together. We know that a long and difficult path lies ahead to get our neighbors back in their homes and on their feet. But we also know that we are stronger than the obstacles in our path. Arm-in-arm, we will strive, we will endure, and we will emerge stronger than ever before."
As President Donald Trump has said, "Recovery will be tough but I have seen the resilience of the American spirit firsthand...we will endure and we will overcome." The President and I are so grateful for the efforts of all the volunteers helping on the ground in Texas.
To people of Texas, President Donald J. Trump and our administration will be with you every day until these great communities rebuild to be better and stronger than ever before.
Thank you, West Virginia! With the leadership of President Donald J. Trump, I know we will pass historic tax cuts this year, and we will deliver real economic growth that will be lasting for the American people.
The will of the American people and the resilience of the strong people of Texas is stronger than any storm.
President Donald J. Trump sent me to FEMA earlier today to thank those working hard to assist the ongoing state and local response. It's far from over - there is much more work to do.
President Donald J. Trump and the entire administration have been working with Governor Abbott and with officials at every level to bring the full resources of the federal government to bear. Our prayers are with the people of Houston.
Spoke with Senator Cornyn, Senator Cruz, Senator Cassidy, and Senator Kennedy about #HurricaneHarvey. President Donald J. Trump's top priority is the safety of the public and first responders.
Under President Donald J. Trump, the United States will continue to stand with free nations across the hemisphere until democracy is restored for the Venezuelan people. The birthright of the Venezuelan people has always been and will always be libertad.
Our resolve is unwavering; our conviction is clear. And while President Donald J. Trump has said that “we have many options for Venezuela,” we remain confident that working together with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution to the crisis facing the Venezuelan people.   We do this because it’s right. The birthright of the Venezuelan people has always been and will always be libertad! #VPinFL
Earlier today in Florida with Governor Rick Scott, Senator Marco Rubio, and Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart, I met with Venezuelan families and discussed with them the tragic stories  of grinding poverty, families unable to find the food and medicine they need, and innocent children who are perishing every day from starvation in Venezuela. This is wrong – and this is not the fate that the Venezuelan people have chosen for themselves. The Venezuelan people are suffering every day, but as I told the men and women I met with earlier, they can know with confidence that we hear you, we stand with you, and as President Donald J. Trump has made clear, the United States of America “will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles.” #VPinFL
This afternoon, I will be in Florida to meet with Venezuelan families and community leaders about the continuing devastation and unrest in Venezuela. #VPinFL
What the American people saw last night was a Commander-in-Chief addressing the nation, addressing our troops, and addressing the world with American resolve.
President Donald J. Trump has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people. Since the very first day of our administration, he has taken decisive action to protect our citizens, our country and our very way of life — and on Monday, President Trump announced a new strategy for addressing threats from Afghanistan and South Asia that will enhance the security of our homeland and protect our people from those who would do us harm.
Welcomed Cornerstone Schools students to the Naval Observatory to witness the wonder of our universe in motion - a fun and educational event! #Eclipse2017
Our Armed Forces are the best of us; heroes all. Our prayers and the prayers of the American people are with our U.S. Navy sailors of the #USSJohnSMcCain.
On behalf of President Donald J. Trump, last week I traveled to Latin America and met with the region's leaders. A secure Latin America means a more secure United States of America. A prosperous Latin America means a more prosperous United States of America. And the advance of freedom and democracy in Latin America benefits the cause of freedom everywhere.
The people of the United States and the people of Chile know that freedom is the source of our prosperity and security. Our bond with Chile is growing, and our security and prosperity are advancing hand-in-hand. In Chile, I thanked President Bachelet for her strong leadership and consistent statements about the provocative behavior by the regime in North Korea.
#VPinPanama Photos of the Day: The last stop of my Latin American trip was to Panama City, where Karen & I had the opportunity to visit the Cocoli Locks at the Panama Canal. Panama's President, Juan Carlos Varela, and I met, and I told him how grateful President Donald J. Trump and I are for Panama's participation in our global Coalition to Defeat ISIS. Today, Panama is the only Latin American country in our coalition, and we call on all of our partners across Latin America to follow Panama’s example of leadership and join this global coalition.
#VPinSA Photos of the Day: Karen & I departed Argentina for Chile yesterday morning to meet with the President of Chile, Michelle Bachelet. President Bachelet and I celebrated our nations' strong commercial ties and diplomatic cooperation. Karen and I then had an opportunity to meet with embassy staff and their families to thank them for everything they do for the United States. In the evening, I spoke to business leaders about advancing prosperity and economic growth throughout the Western Hemisphere. Latin America's progress will mean more jobs and more growth in the United States of America.
President Donald J. Trump and I believe Argentina will continue to be an exemplar of a better path in Latin America - toward prosperity, security and freedom. A secure Latin America means a more secure United States of America.  A prosperous Latin America means a more prosperous United States of America. And the advance of freedom and democracy in Latin America benefits the cause of freedom everywhere. Because when free peoples stand together, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish. #VPinSA
#VPinSA Photos of the Day: Began my morning yesterday in Buenos Aires by visiting the Metropolitan Cathedral to lay a wreath at General San Martin's tomb and visit their memorial to Holocaust victims. I then met with Argentine President Mauricio Macri where we discussed trade issues, Argentina's emerging global leadership role, and the deteriorating situation in Venezuela. Next I spoke with Argentine and Latin American business leaders. I told them that Latin America has come so far in terms of prosperity and security because it shares a commitment to freedom, democracy, and the rule of law. And to end the day, Karen and I met with embassy staff and their families to thank them for all the work they do on behalf of the American people.
In Venezuela, we're seeing the tragedy of tyranny play out before our eyes.  As President Donald J. Trump has said, "The Venezuelan people are suffering and they are dying." They're experiencing grinding poverty. Families cannot find the food and medicine they need to survive. Innocent children are perishing every day from hunger.  Today, the once-free people of Venezuela are being forced to endure this fate by the brutality of the Maduro regime. Ultimately, a failed state in Venezuela will endanger the security, prosperity, and well-being of all of us who call the Western Hemisphere home. #VPinSA
#VPinSA Photos of the Day: Before departing Colombia for Argentina, Karen and I visited a church in Cartagena and met with Venezuelan families who fled the tyranny and oppression of the Maduro regime. A grandmother told me that she brought her grandchildren five days ago because children in Venezuela are unable to get food or water or medicine; that her grandchildren are having to get up at five in the morning to get a ticket to buy a piece of bread later in the afternoon. The Venezuelan people deserve freedom. President Donald J. Trump has made it clear: We’re simply not going to stand by while Venezuela crumbles. We’re not going to stand by while Venezuela collapses into dictatorship.
Colombia has no better partner and friend than the United States of America. Under President Donald J. Trump, the United States will always put the security and prosperity of America first. But as I hope my presence in Colombia demonstrates, America first does not mean America alone. The United States and Colombia's security and prosperity are inextricably linked. Our interests are aligned. Our values are the same. And the birthright of freedom belongs to both our people: http://45.wh.gov/qCckPM  #VPinSA
#VPinSA Photos of the Day: Yesterday I arrived in Colombia for the first stop of my Latin America visit. I met with President Juan Manuel Santos in Cartagena about how the drug crisis requires swift action to protect the people of both nations.
On behalf of President Donald J. Trump, we are wheels up en route to Colombia for my meeting later today with Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos. #VPinSA
The portrait unveiled in the Indiana Statehouse today pays tribute to all those that are not the subject of the portrait. The flags are a tribute to the great Americans and the great Hoosiers I've had the privilege to serve. My tie that I wear was designed by my wife, Karen. Any the picture of my kids was behind my credenza when I was Governor, when I was a congressman, and now it's in the West Wing of The White House. Until Karen and I come back home again, we pray that God will continue to bless the great state of Indiana and all who go by the name Hoosier. Thank you, Indiana.
‪Karen and I head home to Indianapolis today. I'm speaking at the Ten Point Coalition's Luncheon and then going to the Statehouse for the unveiling of official Governor's portrait.
This coming Sunday, I'll depart for Central and South America on behalf of President Donald J. Trump to meet with leaders from government and the business community to reaffirm the President's commitment to deepening bilateral trade and investment ties with the region and to build on the good work that has been done to bolster our shared economic and security goals. Follow along with the trip on my social media channels: http://45.wh.gov/TK1LM5 #VPinSA
Secretary Rick Perry is promoting energy production & independence for a 21st century economy. President Donald J. Trump and I are grateful for his leadership.
Yesterday, for the ninth day in a row, the Dow closed at a record high. It's clear that President Donald J. Trump's leadership is already making a remarkable difference. Since inauguration day, businesses have created more than ONE MILLION new jobs while the stock market continues to hit all time highs.
So honored to have these heroes & Purple Heart recipients on my team - U.S. Army SSG Brian O'Callaghan, SFC Christopher Allison, CPT Jacob Watson, and Air Force MSGT Naaem Stanley. The American people will always be grateful for their service. #PurpleHeartDay
President Donald J. Trump's agenda is not only having a positive impact on the economy - under this President, ISIS is on the run and illegal immigration is down. We're rebuilding our military, restoring the arsenal of democracy, and once again giving our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard the resources and training they need to accomplish their mission and come home safe.
Since day one, President Donald J. Trump  has taken decisive action to put America back to work and get our economy moving again. And the American people are seeing the results. Just this last week:  ✔ the stock market hit an all-time high  ✔ One million jobs created in first six months ✔ Unemployment rate fell again
In this week's address, President Donald J. Trump recognizes the significant improvements in the American economy over the past six months. As the President said, "This week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average reached an all-time high - never ever has it been so high...Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we're putting American workers and families first. When Americans are free to pursue their dreams, there is no limit to what we can achieve."
In just these first six months, the U.S. economy has added MORE THAN 1 MILLION JOBS under President Donald J. Trump. And we're just getting started.
Happy birthday to the United States Coast Guard! Thank you to the courageous men and women of the Coast Guard for everything you do for the American people.
Western civilization is a beautiful mosaic of free countries and peoples - each with their own unique histories, cultures, languages and traditions and all of which deserve to be cherished, celebrated, and protected. But in these challenging times, once-distant threats have become local threats to nations and communities across the world, and all free nations must band together to confront and overcome these threats. Watch the #VPinEurope recap video.
The future for the Western Balkans, the future of the West itself, and the future of freedom is bright, brighter than ever before. We share a future of security and prosperity.  We share a future of liberty and freedom, and united in this great “community of nations,” I know we will face that future together: http://45.wh.gov/pwBNK5 #VPinEurope
#VPinEurope Photos of the Day: To begin our final day in Eastern Europe, I met with the staff and families from the United States' Embassy in Podgorica, Montenegro and thanked them for their service to the American people. Prime Minister Dusko Markovic and I then discussed Montenegro's leadership promoting stability and prosperity in the Western Balkans. To wrap up our trip, I spoke at the Adriatic Charter Summit, and I told them that in these times of widening threats and provocations, we must stand together in defense of all that we hold dear. Ours is a shared future of security and prosperity, a shared future of liberty and freedom, and we will face that future together.
Karen and I are so grateful to Prime Minister Markovic and the Montenegrin people for their hospitality. We just finished a successful Adriatic Charter Summit, and now we are heading home! #VPinEurope
The United States stands with the nation and the people of Georgia, we will stand with them as they pursue membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and we will stand with Georgia in defense of what President Donald J. Trump called “the priceless ties that bind us together as nations, as allies, and as a civilization.” And those ties are freedom, democracy, and the rule of law: http://45.wh.gov/hVhiPG #VPinEurope
#VPinEurope Photos of the Day: Karen and I landed in Georgia last night and were welcomed by Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili and his wife, Maia. Today, the Prime Minister and I met and I told him that the United States of America, under President Donald J. Trump, strongly condemns Russia's occupation of Georgia's soil. Following our productive discussions, we toured the Sioni Cathedral of the Dormition, a symbol of the ancient faith that fills Georgia's ancient land, with Patriarch Ilias II and Father Giorgi Zviadadze. To conclude our visit to Georgia, I spoke with American and Georgian troops at Exercise Noble Partner and discussed our shared commitment to promote security and stability across the wider world. Today we recommit ourselves to the cause of security, prosperity, and freedom for the people of Georgia.
Under President Donald J. Trump, the policy of the United States of America is to place the security and the prosperity of America first. But as the President has made clear, America First does not mean America alone.  The United States is with our allies and all those committed to freedom. America stands with the nations and people of the Baltic States -- and we always will: http://45.wh.gov/zrhFiU #VPinEurope
Speaking in Estonia earlier today, I told them that at this very moment, Russia continues to seek to redraw international borders by force, undermine democracies of sovereign nations, and divide the free nations of Europe - one against another.   Under President Donald J. Trump, the United States of America rejects any attempt to use force, threats, intimidation, or malign influence in the Baltic States or against any of our treaty allies.   To be clear: We hope for better days & better relations with Russia, but recent diplomatic action taken by Moscow will not deter the commitment of the United States of America to our security, the security of our allies, and the security of freedom-loving nations around the world. #VPinEurope
#VPinEurope Photos of the Day: Started my second day in Eastern Europe by participating in a discussion of the digital economy, cyber security, and innovation with Estonian President Kersti Kaljulaid. President Kaljulaid and I then joined the Presidents of Latvia and Lithuania for a meeting where I reaffirmed the United States' commitment to the security of the Baltics States. Following that, I spoke at Enhanced Forward Presence to members of the Armed Forces of the United States, Estonia, the United Kingdom, and France. As we stood on a great frontier of freedom, I said that under President Donald J. Trump, the United States will continue to hold Russia accountable for its actions. We hope for better days, and better relations with Russia, but recent diplomatic action taken by Moscow will not deter the commitment of the United States to our security, that of our allies, and freedom-loving nations around the world.
Important visit to Eastern Europe underway. President Donald J. Trump sent me here with a simple message: America first doesn't mean America alone. #VPinEurope
My message in Eastern Europe is this: the United States of America, under President Donald J. Trump, is committed to nations around the world that are committed to freedom. #VPinEurope
#VPinEurope Day One Photos of the Day: On behalf of President Donald J. Trump, earlier today I arrived in Estonia to begin my meetings with leaders from Eastern Europe. My first stop was with Estonian Prime Minister Jüri Ratas, who walked me through the historic Stenbock House in Tallinn. We discussed the strong U.S.-Estonia partnership and Estonia's EU Presidency agenda. The last stop of the day was the U.S. embassy in Tallinn, where Karen and I met with embassy staff and their families.
On behalf of President Donald J. Trump, I have arrived in Tallinn, Estonia with Karen to meet with leaders of Baltic States on security & prosperity. #VPinEurope
Tonight, on behalf of President Donald J. Trump, I will depart for Eastern Europe, to meet with leaders from Estonia, Georgia, and Montenegro. Stay connected on my social media channels to follow along with the trip. #VPinEurope
Saddened to hear of the passing of little Charlie Gard. Karen & I offer our prayers & condolences to his loving parents during this difficult time.
One month ago today, America awoke to shocking news that a gunman had opened fire on a baseball diamond just south of our nation’s capital. But in the wake of that horrific attack, our nation was deeply inspired by the heroism of America’s first responders, and we celebrated that today. Today, President Donald J. Trump presented our nation's highest award for a public safety officer -- the Medal of Valor to Special Agent Crystal Griner, Special Agent David Bailey; and Alexandria Police Department Officers Nicole Battaglia, Kevin Jobe, and Alex Jensen. These five officers exemplify the best of law enforcement in this country.
President Donald J. Trump has made it clear: “Inaction is not an option.”   The Senate has an opportunity and an obligation to rescue the American people from the consequences of the failed Obamacare policy. Every single Senator - Republican and Democrat - owes it to the American people to step up and to do the right thing. They owe it to the American people to repeal and replace Obamacare once and for all.
Company after company are announcing record investments - billions of dollars and thousands of jobs. Today's announcement here at The White House is just the latest vote of confidence in President Donald J. Trump and his agenda. And companies across this country and across the wider world are going to continue to invest in American jobs and American workers and America's future - because under President Trump, America is back!
President Donald J. Trump and the American people are counting on the Senate to act and rescue Americans from the Obamacare nightmare.
Turns out God isn't about using his name for freebies:  Leviticus 19:13 - Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbour, neither rob [him]: the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning.  Jeremiah 22:13 - Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; [that] useth his neighbour's service without wages, and giveth him not for his work;  1 Timothy 5:18 - For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer [is] worthy of his reward.  Proverbs 3:27-28 - Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do [it].  Romans 4:4 - Now to the one who works, his wages are not counted as a gift but as his due.   1 Corinthians 3:8 - He who plants and he who waters are one, and each will receive his wages according to his labor. 
Only had to read up to the child with the "Aden" name (Aiden, Rayden, Jaidehn, Hayden, etc.) to know where this was going.  
This is literally how we get Skynet.
Completely fake...  Ticks way too many "Granny stereotype" boxes, some of which are counter-intuitive (Talks about grandkids being brats, then claims the right to spoil them?)    That said, we've all known a bitter old hatchet who'd write these sort of these things, to which I'd recommend;    1. There isn't enough inheritance on Earth to make attending these functions worthwhile--And I can almost guarantee that any lady who'd author this kind of rant would leave nothing behind but crippling credit-card debt, a collection of commemorative Elvis plates, and a half smoked pack of Pall-Mall's.     2. If you are unfortunate enough to have been the progeny (or grand-progeny) of such an abominable pink-haired crypt beast, and are somehow unable to avoid associating with them during the holidays; Always maintain respect and your manners, but don't let them f&amp;%# around with your own dignity and self-respect.   After all, as they often like to remind others, they'll be gone *soon*.  
I suppose we should also enforce some standards of teacher conduct and performance?  No?  You're probably right...  Let's just protect bad teachers and a broken educational system under an umbrella of union disciplinary immunity and unparalleled cronyism, while simultaneously rewarding basic accrued time instead of any form of competence or excellence.    That's worked *super* well so far...
It looks like Jaleel White scalped Whoopie Goldberg.  
It's all been downhill for the Joker since Ledger.  :(
With that robust influx of skilled North African and Syrian *working families*, I'd imagine Europe's various economies will soon be productive enough to pick up the check for EVERYONE!  :D
I wouldn't mind a giant Futurama-style vacuum delivery tube from Mexico straight into Canada...  Let's help our impoverished Mexican neighbors receive truly free healthcare.
To be fair, she is walking proof that *someone* was willing to have sex with that thing... 
Kim Jung ("Fun by the Ton") Un would like a word...  Except that he's the only fat guy in the country.  
And the Right will respond by carrying the weapons we already know how to aim.  ^_^
I don't think I've ever seen or met a man with that haircut who wasn't a complete douche waffle.    The streak continues...
Sasquatch is funny enough, so going through the effort to photoshop in Andre Nowzick from The League is really gilding the Lilly.  
Alex, I'll take "Straw man arguments from someone who smells like BO, lube, and patchouli for 1000."  
There's definitely some kind of split happening.   If you want to believe in Unicorns, you can hope there's also a reunion  in the Cinnabon cards.    I think Chuck and Rebecca's relationship is a foreshadowing and/or a contrast for what Jimmy and Kim's relationship will become.   
He could very well have already shot a scene, and yet also have no idea which season it's going to air during...
Honestly I think the "I'll will burn this house down" line was more about fore-shadowing Chuck's ultimate fate, than any actual story set-up.    As many have pointed out, Jimmy lacks any motive to want to murder his brother, and Chuck has created a thorough phone record with his appointment with the power company and cancelled appointment with his therapist.     This, the extenuating situation with HHM, plus all the physical evidence (Chuck's corpse, the lamp, the state of the house) all would serve to pretty clearly indicate this was a suicide.  
I'm not saying that the "sunny" outlook is the likeliest here...   There are just as many dark paths for Kim as there are for Jimmy.  The one redeeming thing I saw in this episode is that Kim held on to Jimmy's rolodex.  That *might* signify a return.
I wonder what they used to "neutralize" him?    I'm just going to assume the power of positive thinking, and Belgian flag overlays.
"We sew the seeds of our own demise"  --Some person.
I agree.  Chuck's illness wasn't just a detriment to him, it was also a tool he used to maintain control/power.  But because he always had a support system (Rachel, Jimmy, his profession) to keep it in check, it never consumed him.    We see the very second he realizes his support systems are all gone, he starts a downward spiral from which there is no escape.   
It's interesting to think about Chuck as being a person whose entire existence is about maintaining power and control.     He uses his unparalleled understanding of the concrete nature of law where he can, and when that fails him he, (or his subconscious) contrives a disability that is entirely about manipulating his environment and the people around him.   And yet, every single important person in his life has seemingly slipped through his grasp;    * First his parents with their favoritism towards Jimmy and ultimate deaths.  * Then ~~Rachel~~ Rebecca moves away due to her divergent life goals and ends the formality of their marriage.   * Next Jimmy breaks away from the "black sheep/perpetual failure" little brother role and no longer needs Chuck's help.  * Finally Howard Hamlin and the entirety of HHM/Chuck's career and legacy cut ties with him.  He had maintained a death-grip on these people and things in order to keep his life in order, and it was that very crushing force that caused all of these things to slip through his fingers. 
Given Chuck's pride and how broadsided he was by the offer?   I'm going to say that's a likely no.  
Wouldn't that be a twist;  Kim is the one who destroys the relationship, and Jimmy walks away...  Woof.   
I'd imagine that Chuck as a high profile lawyer and all around obsessive nut, would be pretty on top of keeping his Will secure, and/or having multiple back-ups.  And since Saul's Breaking Bad financial status doesn't seem measurably more affluent than his current financial straights, I'm going to go out on a limb and say there's some Chuck-f*ckery to come with the status of any Sandpiper or inheritance funds coming Jimmy's way.    
Agreed.  I find it slightly less painful to think of BCS as a protracted movie series...  You're just waiting for the sequel.  
I think the sunniest outlook entails Kim realizing the path of destruction Jimmy is on, and having to separate herself from that.  And yet there's still a thread of connection that she maintains for when Saul is done running his course, and Jimmy is ready to come back. 
I'm wondering if she doesn't end up there anyway?    Hamlin and Kim still obviously have that "prodigal son" connection, and HHM are suddenly down a partner...    I'm not saying it's likely, just that there's symmetry. 
Plus the lamp imagery mirroring...  
The Rolodex scene actually gives me a glimmer of hope; Up to that point I assumed it would just be a gradual and final seperation for the two.   Kim holding onto Jimmy's contacts seems like a very loaded (pun intended) Chekov's gun, and symbolic to her holding onto some of the innocence of Jimmy, before he slips entirely into the Saul personae.  I'm hopeful this might resolve in a Cinnabon-period restoration/reunion, but it could just be a lead-up to something far less cheerful. The Jesse Pinkman outcome gives me hope that Vince is a softy at heart, and we *might* just see a ride into the sunset after all this is said and done.  
The "knife" in Jimmy's heart indicates the finality of Chuck's actions--He intends to sever all ties with his brother, but I think the final straw was probably the late night realization that his recovery no longer had any impetus, and that there were no longer any support systems (a career, friends, family) to keep it from spiraling out of control.     
Borrowing is one thing, re-packaging leftovers another.     
I believe that this is the moment in the series where we will all point and say "This is when Jimmy McGill died", and it was Chuck who murdered him.    I don't for a second believe that Chuck actually believed what he said, but just like how someone can kill someone they love out of "love", Chuck believes what he's doing is best for Jimmy and best for himself.    Jimmy walked into Chuck's house, Saul walked out.  
McKhenzie, Riley, Taryn and Bella for the girls...  With a huge wave of impending Katnisses to accompany the Khaleesies.
I totally agree...  Even the few "original" titles that looked impressive, were very derivative.  * Spiderman = Arkham Marvel * Anthem = Horizon Zero Destiny * Days Gone = The Last of Us on Motorcycles * Detroit: Become Human = Heavy Rainrunner  And many other "board room box checkers" that were lost in the sea of outright sequels and remakes.    Modern gaming is quickly stagnating in front of us.  :(
Definitely a weak line-up by everyone involved.    Microsoft announced a $250 price upgrade on its console, without any killer apps to sell it, and it's most surprising software announcement *might* have been Crimson Skies.    Sony largely tried to recycle the awe from last years line-up, but had several notable omissions, and none of the new announcements came close to the Final Fantasy 7 Remake/God of War/Shenmue 3 triumvirate.     Nintendo has yet again come to an E3 game with one killer app (I'm not holding my breath...), and a bunch of 3rd party offerings that'd be montage material on the other consoles.   Add to this a rash of "anticipated bi-annual sequels" from the likes of EA, Bethesda, Ubi Soft and Activision, and it's no wonder that gamers like myself are less than impressed. 
This!  I gave up on the GDEMU and got a USB-GD-ROM instead, and am glad I did.  Waiting on the mercurial whim of the Rhea/Phoebe creator for the random and short-lived "window" to order has been an exercise in frustration and no/miscommunication.    Professor Abrasive (Satisfier) by contrast, has been communicative, consumer friendly, professional, and seems to be an all-around cool dude.   I've been recommending anyone looking for a solution, wait a little longer and send him their business.    https://www.patreon.com/prof_abrasive
You clearly don't understand the relationship Merkel has with radical Islam...  Censorship saves lives as well!  /s
"Xer!  Xer!  Do you have a moment to share your opinion on the performance of our Fascist Criminal in Chief?  No?  I completely understand how you might be too triggered to even think about formulating individual ideas...  Don't worry, I've already put you down for what everyone is thinking."
My sense of gallows humor here makes me believe that Chuck very well will overcome his issues (He's looking pretty chipper in the e09 trailer); Only to have it blow up in his face and/or be entirely too late. 
If only we were all wealthy enough to buy the carbon credits necessary to live such a guilt free, eco-conscious life of quiet dignity and modesty...  Here's hoping the Bear wins in the sequel.    
That, and if you hit someone with a bike lock down there, they shoot you.  
The problem with the South is that they have civil rights era laws set up for combating the KKK that would directly interfere with ANTIFAs strategies of masked intimidation, assault, and symbolic property destruction.  Hmmm...
Grassroots movements are exactly *how* the US should be treating environmental protection/stewardship.   What the US *shouldn't* be doing is using our tax dollars to subsidize the growth of foreign infrastructure, technology and finances under the guise of "environmental responsibility".    After all, if India and China are the "world powers of the future" and Russia is still a global super-power itself, shouldn't they be held to the same financial requirements and restrictions that the US is subject to?     Or were we just supposed to cheerfully bend over and grab our ankles because *muh polah berrs*?
I can't help but think "Slip" is one of the episode titles that has multiple implications for this episode:  1. When Nacho *slips* Hector the pill.  2. When Hector fails to take the poisoned pill but instead *slips* and falls becoming paralyzed and removing the necessity of Nacho making any further attempts at his life.  3. As Jimmy *slips* back into his old personae.  4. When Chuck receives his pink *slip* from Hamlin, Hamlin and McGill.  I'm just spit-balling here, but a lot of these wouldn't be entirely surprising.  
My phone's auto-correct thanks you for your pettiness.  
It's the human distillation of ~200 years of unrealized teenage dreams combined with a void where any talent or self-evaluative skills should have been.    It's like they were an 80s band that completely skipped the "relevant" portion of their careers and decided to go straight into the "creepy old guys living off their former credibility" stage. 
I think we're seeing the holes in the dam, and that Jimmy has already lost Kim.  The guilt over toppling Chuck, the incredibility at Jimmy being serious about the cons, the knowledge that Jimmy is financially falling apart.  I think both Jimmy and Kim know that the writing is on the wall for their relationship, and Jimmy is fighting it by holding onto the office, while Kim is in denial/mourning over it.
My personal feeling is that Kim and Jimmy do have a falling out in the (somewhat?) near future, and I think may have completely distanced herself from the man Jimmy becomes.  That said, I think it would be an interesting parallel for the two brothers to have similar story arcs with their love interests, and it wouldn't surprise me at all if Kim ends up *back* in the picture--Probably as some sort of reunion (amicable or no) in the "Cinnabon" timeline, just as Rebecca returned to Chucks' life at a critical point. 
It's not really American culture per se, more accurately "(American) Corporate culture" which has little in relation to common sense or the actual values of the average American.
But my point is that it wouldn't have been reasonable for Rebecca to expect that even from the old Jimmy, let alone the Jimmy (Saul?) who just got finished being lambasted by the man in front of his bar association tribunal. 
Unfortunately I think there have been cases where negligence or human error has let one of these babbling fruit-cups of stupidity off the hook.  It wouldn't even have to be related to their arguments or citations, but even just a Judge throwing out some petty charges, or an officer no-show would be enough to encourage these dimly-lit marquees of their own success, and legitimize this form of courtroom voodoo to other like-minded morons.  
I don't think my comments "look down on" anyone who doesn't have a nuclear family.  I think your own response implies how valuable having a nuclear family is, while my own statement is that it's no wonder children can be damaged by the lack of one.  Also, I didn't equate personal politics with quality of parenting--I clearly said it was conservative traits, values and ideas (even exhibited by those who identify as liberal) that I correlate with quality parenting.   Just as there are many great liberal parents, there are many horrible conservative ones. 
There is also the strong influence of Jimmy being angry at Chuck and just not giving a flying fig about his state.    If Rebecca is having trouble with him, maybe she should seek help from someone Chuck *hasn't* literally prosecuted and verbally lambasted earlier in the day?  
Let's not forget that BCS' Jimmy McGill is a *very* different person from BBs Saul Goodman; It's almost 1st season versus last season Walter White disparity we're talking here.  Kim might look bad leaving a struggling Jimmy, but a clearly criminal Saul?  I think that is entirely justifiable...
Even if you put aside the validity of either Chuck or Jimmy's position against each other, why would any reasonable person attempt to re-embroil such clearly opposed individuals?  I can tell you right now that if my brother had just done what Chuck did to Jimmy to me, I would laugh in the face of anyone who wanted me to *go right back* to his house and interfere in his life any further.    Family or not, does Rebecca somehow think Chuck would even be *receptive* to Jimmy's help instead of just lashing out at him further?   
But she *is* "family" to Chuck--that much has been established by her presence, and it's pretty outrageous of her to expect Jimmy to throw himself right back into the fire after narrowly escaping disbarment.   Just as ridiculous would be her expecting Chuck to be receptive by any attempts made by the very last person he is likely to want to see.
Yeah, this part felt a bit forced by the writers, and I'm not entirely sure why it exists other than to confirm Kim's statement about Rebecca from the previous episode?  Jimmy *just* went through a trial that *almost* cost him his job, for what Rebecca now believes is the vindictive response of a mentally ill man.  And yet her *first* reaction to not being able to reach Chuck is to expect JIMMY of all people to head right back to the scene of his crime and attempt to do the very thing he was just put on probation for?   It just seems moronic that Rebecca wouldn't look for alternative allies (Hamlin perhaps?) in lieu of a clearly disfunctional and broken family dynamic.    Especially galling was her assertion that Jimmy "owed" him this, right after Kim just got finished listing the many ways in which Chuck owed Jimmy, and it's not like Rebecca herself has been any great pillar of support for Chuck these last few years--Knowledge of his illness aside, it's not like she's in any great position to throw stones about "being there" for Chuck. 
Moral law involves things that are "inherently" right--ie. Universal justice, Kim getting the Mesa Verde contract, etc.  Ethical law is based on external "right", the rule of Law--ie. Chuck being entirely within his legal rights to treat Jimmy and anyone associated with him as a complete asshat. 
I think that Chuck's affinity for "The Law" and anathema for Jimmy are antithetical.    Chuck identifies as the "Good" and "Ethical" brother in opposition to what he perceived Jimmy to be as the "golden child", and this lead him to embrace the appealing stability and nobility of "rule of Law".    So much so that when Jimmy becomes a representative and practitioner of that same Law, it unhinges Chuck's very world-view to have Jimmy bastardize something he has always held above reproach. 
Right.  Chuck can't remain the antagonist perpetually-especially given that Saul has nothing to do with him in BrBa.      I think it's quite likely that he's either committed and completely alienated from "Saul" at the end of this season, or more likely deceased.
I think there's an outside chance Chuck is "committed"--It's certainly in Gilligan's nature to throw a curve-ball after all the allusions to him being "offed" (McKean's own comments, Saul's complete lack of future recognition or reference to a rather prominent person in his life, the "Chekov lantern/newspapers", the episode title, etc.)   But honestly I think all the evidence lines up too nicely to not have the grim-reaper be Chuck's exit from BCS, and Saul's disassociation with the McGill name.   
All of the best Moms I know--Even those who identify as "Liberal/Democrat", actually exhibit very conservative traits.    They all value the nuclear two-parent family, have stable marriages, consistent home-lives, are invested in their children's development and education, and incorporate moral and ethical/religious values into raising them.    Alternatively, the *worst* parents I've ever met were walking epitomes of "leftist values";  Individualism over nurturing/interdependency, sexual expression and thrill seeking over stability, "Friendship" over parental authority, experimentation over guidance, token gestures and self-expression over inherent belief systems.    It's no wonder kids come out of these homes as emotional time bombs!  (Spez: spelling and junk.)
And honestly it only confirms what Chuck already knows; Jimmy will do anything to cover his own rear.  
Unfortunately I agree that this feels very telegraphed. You have the Chekov's gun of the Lantern on the newspapers, Michael McKean's own comments, and the very telling title of the episode itself.    I hope this is another case of Gilligan throwing a curve (Who foresaw Rebecca showing up in "Chicanery"?) but it really feels like a "neat" way of eliminating a character at the end of his arc, a needless prop (the house), and a good way to speed Jimmy down the very drastic path that leads him to the destination that is Saul Goodman.  
Why would anyone want to read an article written by someone whose genitals are more marketable than her writing ability?
Almost literally "square peg/round hole".
Chuck sees himself as the antithesis of whatever Jimmy represents;    If Jimmy is unreliable, Chuck will be a perfectionist. If Jimmy is dishonest, Chuck will be a pillar of truth.  If Jimmy skirts the law, Chuck will be its greatest champion.  The problem is; Jimmy was able to leave "Slippin' Jimmy" for "Charlie Hussle", but Chuck wasn't able to adapt his own persona in response, and now that Jimmy doesn't exemplify everything that is "wrong", Chuck no longer automatically exemplifies everything that is "right".  In Chuck's mind, Jimmy could've never have been on his side/team; he's not capable of seeing himself as anything other than "the competent one" and Jimmy as "the screw up", and those roles weren't going to change no matter what Jimmy did.
Chuck: "Do you expect me to come apart at the seams like some murderer in an episode of Perry Mason?!"  [Proceeds to come apart at the seams like a murderer in a Perry Mason episode.]
Which content would you have trimmed?  Basically the only "filler" I've seen is part of the Mike/Gus arch, and I think most people would say that's nearly as vital as the main storyline.  
You guys are arguing very different types of "right".   Jimmy represents *moral* right, Chuck represents *ethical* and legal right.    Jimmy is willing to sacrifice law for people (sometimes selfishly for himself), where Chuck is willing to sacrifice people to uphold Law.
Very different priorities for the Brothers.  Jimmy places the importance on individuals, and in this case, his family's welfare.  Chuck alternatively, places the most importance on "the Law" as an entity, and is willing to sacrifice his only remaining family to make a point about the importance of Law. 
Chuck asks Jimmy "Do you have anything else?" to which Jimmy replies "No.  Nothing further."  but the defense never rests.  My feeling is that the next episode will enter from an adjournment and layout any further mitigating evidence (multiple tapes, etc.) and then the ultimate ruling.  It could all be implied to  happen off screen, but there still seems to be too many "Chekov's guns" for that to happen.  
I like how removing a rather generic and historically harmless word from ones vocabulary is considered a miniscule sacrifice, and yet *tolerating* the use of that very same word is considered an insurmountable burden and impediment for someone that word supposedly "misgenders".   In other words, *you* guys (whoops, misgendered again!) should be malleable enough to compensate for *my* brittle and selfish sensibility.
I think you guys are on to something with the symbolism--Especially considering what Kim had *just* got finished doing for Jimmy ("Bingo.")  They do say there's a certain symmetry to karma, irony even.  ;)
Better even, as it wouldn't be as fortuitously random.    Walter's complicity in Jane's death always felt circumstantial at best--after all, Jessie has to believe that Walter would break into their apartment and just happen to be present in their bedroom at the *exact* moment she starts choking.    It just makes much more sense from the audiences pre-confirmed perspective than it would from Jessie's.
I think it's far more likely that a still legitimately practicing Jimmy McGill would seek to distance himself from the very unseemly and public scandal involving another man named McGill.  IOW, I think Chuck is the one to go down in flames, and in destroying one McGill's credibility in legal circles, Jimmy destroys his own reputation.
What is important is that Chucks' anticipation of Jimmy's behavior by creating a duplicate (in conjunction with his comments to Kim-- *Cough "Bingo" cough*) indicate provocation and entrapment by Chuck.
I've just thought of a new green energy source;  1. Attend class. 2. Express controversial/confrontational idea. 3. Trigger event ensues. 4. Harness the kinetic energy of the resulting shakes. 
"THIS IS A RAID!  I'M GOING TO HAVE TO SEE NEA UNION CERTIFICATION IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE TEACHING IN HERE! Wait. What's that?  I don't need to see actual ID...  What do you think I am, some kind of Alt-right Fascist?"  
Your comment really tied the reference together.
I sexually Identify as a Potato Salad.  Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the checkered table cloths dropping mustard and dill infused loads on flimsy paper plates.  People say to me that a person being a Potato salad is impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful.  I’m having a plastic surgeon install chopped hard boiled eggs, shallots and a pickle on my body.  From now on I want you guys to call me “Tater Salad” and respect my right to accompany grilled meats on the side and kill needlessly with high cholesterol.  If you can’t accept me you’re a capsiphobe and need to check your tuber privilege.   Thank you for being so understanding.
I'm guessing she lost her "Melisandre necklace"?
"Stomp, clap, stomp, stomp, clap..."
Well, Commodore Perry didn't...  That would've been some shipwrecked Portuguese sailors in 1543, followed closely thereafter by Jesuit missionaries and Dutch merchants.  
That's just it though, the DPRK is still very much stuck in a cold war era mentality when it comes to warfare.    Modern war doesn't involve huge numbers of occupying infantry, tank skirmishes and close-support artillery--All of which are fundamental aspects to North Korean technology and strategy.  North Koreas military is still very much designed to either occupy South Korea, or stem the tide of some 1950s era tank and infantry invasion, and that's just not how war has been fought since the advent of electronic/precision warfare.  The US and allies are far more likely to lock down the DMZ, and spend the majority of the hostilities using drones to lob guided bombs at the already fragile infrastructure of a nation whose military is already on the brink of starvation and disenfranchisement.    Remember the fight Saddam's Republican guard put up?  And those guys had battle experience, 3 square meals, and weren't surrendering to divisions of their own countrymen as the North Koreans would be. 
To be honest, this is more of a recent thing (The last 20 years or so). Growing up in Seattle in the 80s, my parents wouldn't think twice about my older sisters (7 and 9) and myself (5) going out on our paper route or walking several blocks to the playground by ourselves as long as we were back before dark.  I doubt that an older man chatting with children at the playground at that point would've been considered as anything more than the parent/grandparent of one of the other children, or at least a concerned citizen.  I don't know what happened, but obviously the culture has changed entirely. 
Wow, Frankie Muniz has fallen on some hard times.
I don't know that a SGI based system would've been much (if any) more expensive than the $399 Saturn with the last minute VDP2 shoehorned in.    After all, SGI was already producing the chip at $40 in 1993, and I have my doubts that the notoriously over-engineered and complicated dual SH-2s and VDPs (among a ton of other specialized chips) of the Hitachi setup were any cheaper.  In fact, the reason Tom Kalinske cites as the ultimate rejection for the SGI design was not price--But several minor issues (2D ability, throw-off rates) which seem to amount to; "As a Japanese company, we're not accepting a foreign design."  This wasn't even the last time this cronyism would rear it's ugly head--Just look at the controversy when 3Dfx (another American technology company) was unceremoniously dumped from the Dreamcast development in favor of NEC (another Japanese technology company).    Certainly Kalinske has reason to color the Japanese brass in a negative light--This was his baby after all, but given the mountains of other evidence indicating Sega of Japan was (is) very pompous and autocratic, I'm inclined to believe him.  Edit: Words
You kind of hit the nail on the head, but I think part of the reason Nintendo was willing to cut corners with such a tiny texture cache, was either because they knew they had the cartridge bus to fall back on, or because they weren't going to emphasize detailed textures with the spacial limitations of the cartridge.    I think pairing the SGI chipset with a CD-Rom drive (as Sega almost certainly would have), would've *required* the texture cache more closely resembling what the Saturn had (512kb). 
Why wouldn't games like Dragon Force exist?  I don't follow.
I have to agree, Skyler was a far more irritating person, but Chuck is far pettier.  It could be that Jimmy is just a far more relatable screw-up than Walter, and the fact that Chuck isn't nearly as embroiled in Jimmy's misdeeds as Skyler is in Walters, so he doesn't have nearly the excuse for antagonizing his brother.
I think the main issue people have with Chuck is his petty *obsession* with undermining/exposing Jimmy.    Sure Jimmy is a charlatan and a shyster, but he's hardly the only ambulance chaser on Earth.  The issue is that Chuck is bothered that Jimmy would encroach on "his own" territory, and cannot have someone he perceives as inferior be considered his equal.  It's not that he doesn't want Jimmy to be happy--He was perfectly at peace with "Mail-room Jimmy", it's that Chuck wants Jimmy to fit within his preconceived notions of where a corner cutter like that belongs--And that's certainly not within the sacred arena of law.   
I think the PPD in this video isn't the perpetrator, it's the older woman who was yelling at the security officer to let her go because of the scene the thief was making.   I guarantee she would've *assisted* if it had been a female security officer struggling with a male shoplifter--Or at the very least, kept her stupid snap judgement to herself.
it is shocking to know we are so lucky here with freedom of speech. When you realize how truly privileged we are (not in the leftist BS way) to be Americans, because we are free in ways other nations are not.
Oh no! I heard Akershus for dinner isn't as nice as it is at breakfast. I'm sorry you had a crummy experience.
We're too dumb and need all the Democratc men to tell us women how to think!
You are a disgusting human being.
Trump is definitely a sleazy creep. But not on the level of what Billy did or Weinstein, both of them real sexual predators. Not at all. Conflating the two...ugh.
Yes because your husband being a rapist who sexually assaulted interns and other women too is a-okay! Disgusting.
The people attacking her as a lunatic, an evil person, associated with the Westboro Baptist Church and so on, are awful. Good Lord. This poor girl. "Women's rights" indeed.
By the way thank you for starting such a huge movement! My mom had breast cancer and it was terrifying to see as a teenager, but she's great now 15 years later! :) I told her about it and she got a chuckle after I had to explain it as she has no idea about games.
Dissenting opinion to leftists means you are evil and best silenced permanently.
Wish I could do it! I have weekend plans which means I’ll be out at 4pm doing real life boring stuff.  :( WAH! Have fun everyone!!
As long as he sent them money, they turned a blind eye. 
Didn’t he pull this same stunt 10 years ago?
We need these commercials in the States. 
I don’t know. This sounds a little gay. 
Set up a Go Fund Me page
Which one is it and where is it displayed 
Pretty much sums it up. 
Just Protestants now?  So are non-Protestants okay?  
If they had any ounce of integrity they would have resigned this morning. They have none. They’re corrupt bottom feeders. 
That’s amazing. Thanks for posting. 
Yes, it needed to include the obligatory slow clap sequence to complete the SJW circle jerk. 
Number 7 is important. Our home games become away matches. Also, I agree with Lalas. Enough already. 
He should have been tossed years ago. Get rid of him and Arena. I vote for Big Sam. 
There is serenity in conformity. And you must conform. 
So, how’d that matriarchal society work out for the Native Americans. 
And the fat phobic government oppression continues. I may be obese, but I’m healthy. /s
Son, you’re dating a man. If “she” has a penis, he’s a guy. Unless you’re gay, go find a real girl. 
Oh wait. Did they really say call 911?  I thought they hated cops. Interesting. 
So, you have a right to protest, but the Vice President doesn’t?  Seems to me he doesn’t understand the concept of freedom for all. 
My EPL season is going well. I guess that’s all I’ve got left until the draft. 
“Semen demon???  What the hell is that?
That’s a lot of taxes. Where does it all go to?
Thanks. In retrospect, I’m sorry I asked. Won’t be doing that again. 
Two penises can be straight sex?  Do these people actually have jobs? Who would hire them?
That’s amazing. Please accept this upvote. 
That’s funny. Until the whole zombie thing starts. 
You have to post a picture. 
Stop smoking if you do.   Exercise if you don’t.   Moderation in your eating and drinking.   Done. 
April 1st came late this year. 
What’s with the sunglasses?  The light from the candles too much?
No, it won’t be close. Be careful what you wish for Jersey, you’re about to get it. 
Historically, we are a franchise that isn’t known for firing management.  As much as I’d like to see both of them go, I don’t think that it will happen. 
Wow, that was a very thought provoking read. Thanks for posting. 
A taxi driver that speaks English?  
And the blue nails too. She should wear some gloves. 
Just curious, how many children have you raised?
That’s a mighty fine job of parenting.  
What many people don’t know is that there is a lot of tension between American blacks and immigrant blacks in the workplace. I’ve seen American blacks say and do things that if they were white, they’d be summarily fired. 
The microwave in the corner though?  It’s an awkward placement. 
Thanks. I didn’t notice. 
What country is this book from?  
Speed. Since I need to have an answer with at least five words I’ve added this meaningless sentence. 
I need an explanation 
How is this nsfw? Her back is exposed?
Exactly. They lost. What is there to commemorate?  That your side lost?
I liked the wiretapped conversation she had with her mother. They’ll never send me to jail, I’m cute and blonde.  What a dumbass. 
Joe Kennedy III?  That shill for the Venezuelan dictator Chavez?  Now that’s a random name. 
You claim you have a life threatening allergy, but you don’t have a medical note or an epi pen with you. If I had that kind of an issue, I’d be sure to have more than one of each. 
Must be a parody account. 
Less free than people in Sweden??? In what way are Swedes more free than Americans?  
For many of them, sadly the answer is no. 
To quote that great philosopher and statesman, Bartholomew Simpson, what a load of crappity, crap, crap. 
McAdoo has probably taken over the scheduling of the plane. We’re lucky it’s still on the East Coast. 
Amazing. Thanks for posting. 
Just like hotels who don’t want to wash the sheets and towels. All for global warming. Clearly not part of a cost cutting plan. 
Classic move. It’s not about the team. It’s not about the ownership. It’s not about the fans. It’s about meeeeeee.  Ray Handley v 2.0. 
One of the absolute funniest moments in television. “So, where’s my money?”  
Why should I give Comcast (NBC’s parent company) another $50 on top of what I already pay those thieves?
They left out fat shaming and ableism.  Must be a Nazi. 
Just what we need, another generation of talentless reality tv stars. 
Looks more like David Spade, just saying. 
What's the frequency Kenneth?  
So Ben, have you deliberately set out to destroy our season or are you just incompetent?
Wow, Amy Schumer looks like she's lost some weight. 
Thank you for the anonymous Reddit Gold. I appreciate it. 
That is beautiful. Remember to post the after picture. 
"Fat people are frequently refused health insurance". Really, not in the US. Not with Obamacare. 
The "white man's burden" for the modern age. Dumbasses. 
So, will we be calling the 49's the football team from San Francisco now?  It achieved so much with the Washington Redskins. 
That picture says it all. What does the obese woman want?  Why a man with a perfect physique. 
The "white man's burden" for the modern age. Dumbasses. 
What a waste of time. 
Can we meet the model?
Only white people are capable of committing hate crimes. I thought everyone knew that. /s
Well, this being 2017, I'm sure the university will act in a cautious and circumspect manner. Just kidding, suspension is likely for the sorority and maybe even the girls. 
Are Asians allowed to use the n-word?
Does this person actually believe that anyone is going to believe them?
We also hate morbidly obese people. 
White people brought slaves to the US. White people owned slaves. The presence of white people is insensitive. /s
If you want a real solution scream to your representatives and demand the total repeal of obamacare and that you want to go back to the free market and get a plan that fits your needs and your budget.  Unless of course you need both prostrate exams and free birth control included.
They can only exist with the logic of a 4th grader because their audience is at that level.
When you are a useful idiot and your cranium is filled with decayed brain matter all you have left is violence.  
You have to equate him to the CEO of a company.  If you had asshole employees killing your brand and your revenues, you would fire them.  No one is irreplaceable.  And amazing as it seems just a few cut out of the league for good would end it.
Agreed.  No more cops or soldiers at the games.  And get rid of the traditional cheer leaders and have blm chanting on the sidelines during the time outs.  I'd love to see it with empty stadiums.
&gt; "That doesn’t explain why I led all the way through, why I won the primary by 4 million votes, why I was winning, we had a great convention," she said. "I was thought to have won all three debates.   This is so telling of her delusion and deceit.  Won the primary by rigging them to fuck bernie.  Won the debates only because that's what the lying liberal media said along with despicable actions by brazelle and others to feed her the questions before hand.  Led in the slanted polls done by the lying liberal media.  So all 3 assertions are wrong.  She is both delusional and a liar.  
The leftist will purge all language considered offensive to them today.  This will ensure that people today never learn from past mistakes.  
well Trump is a white male so he is included in the group of oppressors.  
LOL.  Once the mentally ill person has gotten their appearance to the point of possibly passing for the other gender, then don't mention that they are not.  This also goes right in line with changing history by omitting the important fact of the birth (actual) gender of the person.  "Gee who knew that women now had huge laryngeal prominences and a dark shadow."
This is dumb behavior.  We want the leftist to fully state without interruption their inane policies.  Asking a civil question is great, but shouting down the leftist does nothing to expose them for exactly what they are.  If I was ever at a Maxie Waters speech I would sit there mesmerized at the idiocy that she was spouting.  I would do nothing to silence her.  These are the people who helped Trump win.  
Yep tranny is not good.  Better to say..."a mentally ill male thinking he's a female and who's disease is not helped but enabled by leftist idiots."
How long before leftist pigs wearing face masks are doing this....  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-bguXM9MQN7c/Tgd6a7w9m0I/AAAAAAAAAc4/tI2Jg329jFc/s1600/w41_80430015.jpg
Remember for the leftist history is fluid and facts are irrelevant.  History is only used to support the failed ideology.  One person smiling from ear to ear over this is Dr. Goebbels.  He's now just waiting for the mass book burning rallies to begin by the leftists.  
The House passes bills that give money.  The lawless obama regime had Dear Leader unconstitutionally directing the Treasury Dept to give money out to the insurance companies.  One way is legal, the other is the way a banana republic works.
The test will be Trump campaigning against the rinos in the primaries.  If he doesn't make significant outcome changes with new non rino candidates that go onto win the general election, then we can all fold up our tents because it is over.
You can change the voting choices with ideas.  If the voters don't understand how conservative ideas there's not much you can do until they learn over time how leftist ideas are bad for them.  The worst thing which the left always does is to vilify them.
The really frightening thing is that their alternatives are actually more screwed up than her.  the only dems who have a chance at the nomination are going to be the Loons.  And in comparison to that bunch even though she is a liar and should have been indicted she is not a loony as the rest.  And she has that unique leftist ability to lie which most of the loons do not have.  The loons proudly lay out their absurd policies.  hrc lies about what she really intends to do.
Hillary is really shocked about this ...  https://i.redditmedia.com/FaP7GEjZMHferx5fsniqWRsf8aXpnpO1STjeyDsgXL8.jpg?w=768&amp;s=9d3bfbd6e82d2cf2f1f931260d30d1b9
Republicans who have given their opinions on the issues in the past and then not voted accordingly need to be removed.  Who wants a liar for a representative.  If a representative is truthful in their opposition to a Trump policy and their constituents re elect them, I'm OK with that too.  If we insist that nationally all republicans have to pass a conservative litmus test, then we are no different than the left.
&gt;  “What if we seized this moment and bring down, once and for all, the white male hierarchy which has ruled our way of life in America since the first boatload of religious zealots arrived on Plymouth Rock?”  Leave it to a clown leftist to use this issue to condemn white males.  Were the ancestors of bill cosby on the Mayflower?
After 8 years of a lawless regime the left just can't understand how things are supposed to work.
Seems Fredo and the rest of the left doesn't understand that these subsidies were ruled to be unconstitutional.  
Ted is correct...if...the rinos are not booted out in the primary.  It would be a hard choice to not sit home rather than vote any of the lying rinos back in if they make it through the primary.
After the hurricane it looks a lot more like cuba than anything in the US
Let Cuba have them.  Then they will throw out the dictator like politicians and the people will live in paradise.  All fucked equally fucked.
Keep dreaming and living the lie of the left
this is a better video clip..and uncensored.....  http://abcnews.go.com/politics/video/congresswoman-grills-hud-secretary-trumps-puerto-rico-tweet-50439207  Just look at Carson sitting there calmly thinking this is the type of person that has ensured the continued enslavement of the black community with her continual lies.
Anyone who doesn't understand this is not living in reality.  He's an old douche who was a rino before Trump.  And now he hates Trump so he is more invigorated to be a clown screwing his voters to settle a personal matter.  Arizona republicans should be doing an all out blitz on this jerk.  Don't know the state laws but they need to get a recall going.
We need to be fair.  Not all of the accusers that come out now will be legit.  Just like with some of the bogus claims about Fox there will certainly be people looking for a quick pay day for a false story.
Before the lying liberal media took control she would have be called an asshole.  She would have been written about as an asshole.  The citizens of PR would have thrown her out of office.  Welcome to the era where leftist assholes and liars can prosper.
Not really.  Remember she loved the communists and was thrilled to have her picture taken sitting on a anti aircraft gun that was used to shoot down our pilots.  So if her north Vietnamese commie pals held you a POW she felt your imprisonment was deserved.  
It's not about rape or any other crime.  If you hate America you are a leftist hero.  And most of their heroes can commit many crimes.  The majority of them are suppressed and the hero gets a pass.  So hate America molest women but stay under the radar and you'll be fine.
You may remember this clown.  She got a slap on the wrist rather than being booted out of office.  Just proves that if you don't do the right thing the leftist is actually enabled to continue the idiocy.  And if her constituents don't insist on her removal they are dumber than her.  
&gt; Something odd — and dangerous — is happening when even people who accept the reality of man-made climate change are labeled “deniers.” The unwillingness to discuss which policies work best means we end up with worse choices.  Shows that the goal has nothing to do with the man caused climate hoax, but only the taxation that will fill the coffers of the liberal elites for distribution as they see fit.  
Just imagine the river of tears from this clown if the titans had the balls to fulfill his wish.  
She represents the party that treats illegals better than citizens.  And the reason is that they need to bring the illegals to the point of being able to vote.  The citizens, the useful idiots, they already have in the bag.
Shapiro has the basic answers for everyone not just the black community.  Get educated, don't have kids before you are married, and get a job.  Any group that buys the bullshit that they can't succeed because the deck is stacked against them is doomed to fail and continue the never ending cycle of poverty.  And the first step is the realization of something good parents teach their kids.  Life isn't fair, life was never fair, life will never be fair.  Go out work hard and take responsibility for your actions and you will enjoy life because happiness is never based on the amount of toys that you have.
I am still confused by the actions of the lying liberal media.  Why do they continue to promote leftist insanity.  Are they really so dumb they don't realize that they are empowering sane dems and republicans.  How is continuing to lose elections really going to help them and the dnc move further or at least maintain their leftist agenda.
I wonder if his father was a super douche like his son.
Yeah have to agree.  There is a female I know who for 5 minutes before the official start of work walked around the office with an "impeach Trump" sign.  Just kidding of course because some of us forget that these athletes are working and at their place of work and if you did anything like it at your job you would be fired.
Did it used to be illegal for a male to use a female bathroom or shower.  If someone called the police would they have escorted the male out and charged him with something...lewdness or something like that?  What was illegal and insane is now accepted.
Do you really think that the majority public opinion is that males should be allowed to use female bathrooms and showers?
Reading between the lines these were two liberal morons who wanted to embrace the taliban as freedom fighters against the horrible culture of the West. Once they get over there to make nice and kiss up, they start to open their fat leftist mouths and the taliban smacks them around and tells them to shut up with their leftist nonsense. Maybe they learned a lesson. Though they should be in jail for child abuse.
How about conservatives don't care what you do.  But we won't give you a dime from our tax dollars.  
Remember every time you think something is way over the top, absurd, could never happen...think back 10 years and ponder all the stuff happening today that you would have never thought possible.
You have to love the leftist.  Screws up things, then blames others.  Stands there as if their hands are clean with a solution to the problem that they created.  Of course this could only happen in a country when these slime are protected by a lying liberal media.
You prove that they 100% believed that it was the truth and that they at least double sourced it.
Yes I mean they knew it was bullshit.  But they are so used to lying to their idiot audience facts are no longer relevant.
&gt; You can't teach parents to read to their kids, have kids in wedlock or not put the kids in daycare.  Exactly.  More of the left enabling bad behavior.  Idiots having kids.
I said "reading between the lines."  It was just my educated guess.  Do you know anyone going hiking on a vacation to Afghanistan? 
Her aids probably put her to bed at night assuring her that the souless witch won the election.
Another liberal program ensuring non english speakers of failing.  I'm just amazed how liberalism has totally fucked the ed system and parents sit there and take it.  And worse they keep voting for the same morons responsible for fostering the problems.  
Wish they could have her wear the uniform to fit the role...she'd look great in this   http://www.level60.com/ebay/ammo/commissar_nkvd_unif/commissar_nkvd_unif_ref2.jpg
Reading between the lines these were two liberal morons who wanted to embrace the taliban as freedom fighters against the horrible culture of the West.  Once they get over there to make nice and kiss up, they start to open their fat leftist mouths and the taliban smacks them around and tells them to shut up with their leftist nonsense.  Maybe they learned a lesson.  Though they should be in jail for child abuse.
You seem to be confusing facts with opinion.  The lying liberal media can and does lie all the time with their opinions of everything that dissents from the agenda of the leftist.  But they do not have the right to lie about blatant facts.  
Did you happen to catch the latest lie regarding Trump's comments on nuclear weapons?  Seems like Dr. G. would have loved you.  He was always surprised but thrilled when so many germans believed the lies spewing from the Ministry of Propaganda.  
Whoever this clown jones is, can only make comments that dumb with the full support of the lying liberal media to Not point out the hypocrisy.  
Somewhere Uncle Joe is smiling.  He is thrilled that today's leftists have not abandoned one of the key tactics of maintaining the useful idiot class.  Just erase people and events from history if the truth hurts the pushing of the false ideology.
Lets see if the nhl is smart enough not to go down the road of financial suicide.  Immediately cut the player and move on, or be dumb enough to let it fester and begin the exodus of fans.
Didn't know the first amendment gave news organizations to willfully lie and distort what they brand as news.
Just a reminder if he was a republican this would be the lead across the lying liberal media.  
To be fair there is not much difference between a senile leftist and a sane one.  
&gt; two-thirds of city sixth-graders can’t read at grade level and three-quarters of eighth-graders can’t do math at grade level.  But...  &gt; high-school graduation rates are creeping up — but most grads aren’t actually college-ready, and have to spend the early part of their collegiate careers taking non-credit earning, tuition-eating remedial courses. Which is a big reason why many don’t finish college.  Always vote against increases in school budgets.  You'd be better off burning the cash in a BBQ and roasting hot dogs.  This monumental scam has been going on for decades.  And useful idiots still think money equals better outcomes.  Too dumb to realize that is a deflection of the real problem with the real leftist goal of ensuring that their kids grow up as dumb and dependent as their parents.  
Should be easy enough for people like her who conjure up false scenarios everyday to push forward the agenda.
Those today who condemn him know nothing about him.  They are feed the liberal bullshit, digest it, and spout out the phrases and slogans by rote.  Easier to be schooled in lies by the leftist elites than to actually find out the facts on your own.
Can't we at least have "Black Only" bathrooms at all the nfl games.  Oh, and black only drinking fountains.  
I wish he got his wish.  The reality of no one caring about "their" league might awaken him to reality.
I hope she gets beat in the primary by an ultra liberal loon.  
the cnn clown or clowns that host this will be doing lots of meetings with bernie and other leftist loons prior to the debate.  They will be there solely to do their best to agree with Bernie and discredit Ted.
There are so many instances where you read a history book about how a business destroyed itself.  This is fun in that we get to watch the nfl commit suicide as it is happening.   And the bonus laugh is about them creating solutions for a problem that doesn't even exist.  
That was my instant reaction.  The good news is that they will destroy shit in big liberal shit hole cities.  So even the liberals living there will have to deal with the insanity.  And just the reporting of it into middle America will infuriate and energize voters.  If you are a democrat running for any office this November you will only be safe if your district is overwhelmingly useful idiot zombies.  
No that will not happen if the leftist is allowed to continue their gutting of American values.  You rot out a country by denying facts.  You conjure up lies to motivate the majority to hate the culture that you are aiming to destroy.
&gt; On Tuesday, The New York Times proclaimed that the newspaper had hired a “gender editor” whose task is to “re-imagine the news through an inter-sectional lens.”  Nice.  Forget about facts and truth.  Let spin the liberal bullshit with a special angle aimed at victim groups.  
Completely true.  A media that has turned into a lying leftist shit show.
Parents have no right to complain about the insanity if they don't as a majority stand up to the leftist lords of our rapidly deteriorating education system.
It all happened because sane democrats did not speak out as the loons took over.  And they are still not speaking out.  For them it's vote republican, not at all, or start a third party.
Try to read this without throwing up.... http://www.abortionfacts.com/literature/partial-birth-abortion
Too bad that the real female got hurt that bad, but until men dominate women's sports the nonsense will continue.  I frankly don't understand why mediocre male athletes don't take this route and become stars.
As a liberal you should know that this type of nonsense is what got Trump elected. And the result is lots of dems who turn their back on the nonsense.  They move onto voting republican or sitting home and not voting at all.  
It will end with boys loving the whole thing because they will be showering with them.  
Just heard the Judge talking about this on Fox.  Apparently he left the USA because his lawyer told him he was likely to be indicted and would do hard time.  Europe is a good place for him to go.  They are already actively destroying their culture and should welcome a pervert with open arms.  
The left has no morality just the agenda.  When you can support partial birth abortions as the leftist does, no one could ever think they live by a moral code.
Oh...sort of like "they were asking for it."
Usual nonsense argument that the two legitimate genders are the same.  They are not and will never be equal, but forever different which each gender having unique capabilities that they excel at.  Though I would like to see males take advantage of this bullshit and demand admission to the girl scouts, dominate girl's sports leagues,and then say they identify as a female and shower with them.
I read the article by clicking on the link.  I'll save you some time.  There is a male who obviously has both a mental condition and too much free time.  And rather than getting him help the UK is enabling him.  Sort of like going to the police and demanding free heroin and them giving it to you.
For the more puberty advanced boys they should demand being able to join the Girl Scouts.  It could be a warm up for them as they move onto demanding and then starring on girl's teams in high school.  And finally saying they self identify as a female and get to shower with them.  Only when people start taking advantage of the liberal illogical loop holes will the insanity stop.
She thought the kool liberals would welcome her with open arms.  Too bad she burned her bridges at Fox.
Delusions are so incredible with liberals.  
Ha Ha.  A Clinton never puts principle before money.  
Another rino looking for an escape?  She's not up till 2020, but it seems she knows she'd get primaried in the Senate and perhaps thinks she can win the rep nomination for governor.  Would be nice for Trump to campaign hard to ensure she doesn't win that primary either.  Then she can go home and no longer thwart the will of the voters. 
Sure.  Like a worthless liberal rag is concerned about their status as part of the lying liberal media being exposed.  
He's not interfering he simply gave his opinion.  An opinion that the overwhelming majority agree with.
Not really.  They saw it as "mediocre Negroes" and a self hating female.  
It works because it's about something real, not some made up liberal bullshit.
Good point.  "they were asking for it."
Pushed against the wall she makes a statement, but no chance of giving back money donated to her campaigns or her Family Crime Fund.  Anyone think if she was a republican that the lying liberal media wouldn't be screaming how dare she not return the money.
And as huge of a distortion as it is, the simple brains that watch this shit think, sorry for using the word think, it actually means something regarding the election.
Is hrc or planned parenthood to which he gave both millions giving back the money from this slime?  Is anyone in the lying liberal media calling on hrc or planned parenthood to return the money?
Report (Deport) comment and choose appropriate reason. eg: no trolling or no leftists etc. 
Exactly! He's not part of Hollywood. He was an outsider that struck gold. Hollywood hated him for it. 
Just deport these cucks. Don't argue with them. 
Get out of here with your fake news BS!
Is there any particular reason or evidence for what you're saying or is it just a hunch? If I'm out of the loop, please enlighten me.... Who said what, exactly? 
I don't think it's George Lucas. He was never part of the Hollywood elite. In fact, most of Hollywood hates Lucas and his success for the very fact that he was an outsider that hit the jackpot.    Citing Jake Lloyd's mental problems aren't really evidence of anything, since the reason he has problems are due to him being bullied in school for his portrayal of Anakin.   If there's other evidence of what you're suggesting, then please share but afaik, I don't think anyone has ever levelled any accusations at Lucas. 
You're not really familiar with what the ME is, are you? 
I have residue of the original Australia that I remember: https://i.imgur.com/Qp7CCTW.png - sorry that it's small, but it's the only original map I found. Guess it got missed in the "edit". Note the north of Australia didn't used to have the huge notch cut out from it and the south is different also. Australia was distinctly "kidney bean" shaped. Not anymore apparently.
So you're agreeing with us that Chick-fil-A was once indeed Chic-fil-A but that it was just a rebrand? Please can you provide some evidence of this rebrand? Thanks.
Sure, except that it's always been Chick-fil-A and they never changed their brand name: http://logos.wikia.com/wiki/Chick-fil-A
Normies.    They are MSM and sadly a large portion of people rely on them to get their news. BBC is essentially state TV. The point is, if the BBC don't cover it, the majority of Brits will never hear about it. So it's no surprise BBC buried this story.
Ditto. No surprise that there is literally zero about this on the BBC website.
Something definitely looks wrong about that... I only remember Finland bordering Russia all the way up to the northern coastline. Now it looks like Norway has creeped eastwards gaining territory of what used to be northern Finland. 
I remember the site. No idea where it's gone. If you search this subs history you should be able to find posts from the author of the site. Might be worth checking if he's still active. 
It's still residue. Someone created the article, they didn't just randomly get it wrong and publish it. Clearly the quote they published was accurate at the time. 
The official wiki got the quote "wrong"... Strange don't you think...?
Awesome, thanks. Indeed, it looks like it has changed...
Good residue of people discussing "Through A Scanner Darkly" having changed all the way back in 2006. Bizarrely, for a bunch of PKD fans, they are quick to write it off as "memory problems" lol!   * Discussion board: http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=382007   And here's some more residue of the old title:   * AOL trailer page: https://www.aol.com/video/view/through-a-scanner-darkly---trailer/517589526/ * A scifi wiki page: http://concord.wikia.com/wiki/Through_a_Scanner_Darkly
Ok that's weird. I sat and read those sentences like 20 times and would have sworn they were identical...
Can you clarify? Those sentences look the same...?
In essence, I believe that our memories are from a time when reality was different. The stuff people create from those memories could be considered evidence as you said. The two things are interchangeable really. Residue is anything left over from another reality.  And that can be a person's memory. As well as the things they create. This is usually in the form of art etc. 
The downvotes I got, tell me I'm on the right path! 
How do you think residue gets created if not from someone's memory?  For example, the artist that created this art featuring the old symmetrical Union Jack: https://anklesnsocks.deviantart.com/art/U-is-for-Union-Jack-126790679 - most people consider that residue. How is monocle guy today any different?
His memory IS the residue. It's not hard to understand. Really...
He has a memory of another reality. That's residue. Are you new to the ME perhaps?
It is residue because someone remembered the old way before it was changed. And while people in ME circles know about the Monopoly man ME, clearly many people remember the monocle. Regardless of whether this was today or 5 years ago, what does it matter? Still residue...
That's exactly what residue is... people who remember the old way, before it changed. The guy in this video IS residue. That's the point!
That's not proof of anything. 
Yay for subtle redpills! 
Top of all New right now. Hundreds of comments. Did many people notice? 
Monopoly man did not have a monocle.
I read a lot of posts about people that had apparently died and now back alive and I never could categorically say either way whether I remembered it or not. But Tim Curry, I'm 99% certain I remember him dying because he was the demon in Legend and I loved that movie. I even remember discussing his death with my friends. WTF?!  
I definately remember him dying too.   
It is a simulation, just not the kind that you probably think.
The way the left has rapidly mobilized to politicize this event is very suspicious.  It's all very organized and calculated. 
Elected officials are never the top of the food chain. It'd be foolish to think that was the case. Not Trump's fault. He's doing what he can. But he's deep in the swamp right now. 
Trump wand is best wand. 
Which country are you in? Good that you agree with Trump on anti-immigration and on N Korea.  Which policies do you disagree with Trump on? 
Your definition is basically correct in the context you mentioned.  But can also refer to any other topics. Such as realising the truth behind 9/11. Or the nature of our world. Or any other topic you care to mention. It just means being a truth seeker with regards to whichever topic is being discussed. 
Maybe you should focus on saving your continent from non-stop invasion instead worrying about Donald Trump so much...?!
Another report said that ISIS is now claiming responsibility. So Antifa=ISIS?
This is all about setting an agenda to disarm American Patriots. The 2A is the only thing that will keep the US a free country.
Good grief, the comments on that tweet are fucking cancer. It makes my eyes bleed. 
Dear Germany, you've been invaded. 
Merkel wants to naturalize all the refugees so that they can get voting rights. And their children will have voting rights. Total disaster for Germany and Europe. 
Yes, I remember the "mn" in:   * Dilemna * Rhythmn * Vacumn (it's now vacuum)
One thing that is certainly strange is how these changes happened at different times for different people. For me it was "definate" throughout my entire life until around 2002 when it changed to "definite". And it's been that way ever since then, for me at least. 
Let him waste his money. Dumb cuck
Very true. Anyone born after 2000 will never remember Definate Dilemna!
It is confusing to say the least...
Apparently it got bad reviews. I'll never watch that trash. 
What? lol   Farage campaigned for Trump. Trump campaigned for Strange. But Farage is campaigning for Moore? Is Trump sending us a secret message? 
Yes, it's about destroying patriotism.    These sports people are just useful idiots, radicalized by Soros etc. 
I mean if these rich millionaires don't like their country, maybe they can go live in Venezuela or some of other Socialist shithole. Seriously what are these entitled celebs even moaning about? Talk about snowflakes. They are as bad as Hollywood.  
They are starting to. AfD is 3rd biggest party in the Bundestag now. Only been in existence for 4 years. Not a bad showing. They are the biggest opposition party to Merkel's Fourth Reich. 
I don't know but she's apparently not the leader anymore. 
All part of their genocide plan. 
East Germany has Polish roots, so definitely more based. 
*"One million people, foreigners, being brought into this country are taking away a piece of this country and we as AfD don't want that," Mr Gauland told a news conference on Monday.*   *"We say I don't want to lose Germany to an invasion of foreigners from a different culture. Very simple."*   BASED! Make Germany Great Again! 
It looks to me like some other folks co-opted her party and sidelined her. I'm not surprised she's a bit poked off. 
Come on libshits, if you're sincere in your hatred for Trump, you must engage in the finger chop challenge. If you don't, your fake reeeeesistance is duly noted.  
Yes, you're right but I think they will use it as a reason to form the EU Army that Merkel has been dreaming about for years. She wants other nations to contribute financially to the EU Army. So countries like Poland, Hungary etc will be paying to be invaded. Germany and the EU has gone full retard. Again. 
lol propaganda levels are off the charts. It's unreal, the world we now live in. 
At least he hated Hilary, I guess lol
Sessions has been a disappointment...
Why do privileged millionaires refuse to stand for the anthem? Why are they protesting a culture and nation that gave them freedom and made the rich? Idiots! 
3rd biggest party in Germany. Big gains.    Also Soros didn't waste any time in organizing paid antifa protestors to show up at the AfD headquarters on election day.
Don't think it's stopped, I noticed a few new ones recently. 
Maybe you're unfamiliar with the ME.
Yeah. It's unreal! Lots of old residue for the original Thinker pose too. Not least when George Bernard Shaw posed as The Thinker in 1906. It's even on the Rodin Museum website:   http://www.musee-rodin.fr/en/collections/photographies/george-bernard-shaw-pose-thinker   Crazy, huh?
Not sure what's so fanciful about it. I agree with all those geographical ME's.
We didn't remember it wrong. They changed. 
I recommend you think about each one of those. Write a description or a sketch of how you imagine each one to be.    Then go look them up on Google. Did the current item match what you wrote/drew?
Off the top of my head:   * The Thinker * Great Pyramids of Egypt * Mona Lisa * Union Jack flag * Michelangelo's Creation of Adam * Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man 
I guess there is only two genders after all! The GEOTUS has confirmed it!
No agenda here folks. 
Hopefully. Will be an easy 2nd term victory for President Trump, if she does. 
The West is awakening to the truth.    President Trump is paying a big part in this. His UN speech has awoken the patriotism of independent sovereign nations! 
Who keeps voting for this guy???
We need Rees-Mogg leading the conservative party. Referendum in 2016. And UK won't be out of the EU until 2021?! Is that a joke? Here's a clue, just fucking leave NOW. And then sort out the details afterwards. 
Source on him being born in Surrey?    From what I heard, the perpetrators were Syrian and Iraqi REFUGEES. That doesn't make them English by any stretch of the imagination!
I don't think he'd get very far with that tactic....
This can't be a real headline... Surely??   Everyone know who's really flooding Europe with refugees...
Exactly my point. Unless you think Ahmed Hassan is a name indigenous to the Anglo-Saxon peoples?!?
How do you destroy a culture?   Feminize all the men. 
