Thanks to Parents for a great chat about what it was like to work on It Takes A Village with Marla Frazee!
Taking the stage at Stanford to talk about threats to western democracy—and what we can do about them. Tune in!
Las Vegas, we are grieving with you—the victims, those who lost loved ones, the responders, and all affected by this cold-blooded massacre.   The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots.   Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.  Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again.
I've never been able to resist story time with my grandchildren, Charlotte and Aidan. That's why I was inspired to release my new children's book, "It Takes A Village." I hope you share it with the kids in your life, and enjoy it as much as we have!
It's happening!  Get your copy today: https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/what-happened-hillary-rodham-clinton/1126860359
Like many of you, I've been following the news coming out of Texas with a heavy heart this week. The damage and destruction left behind in the wake of Hurricane Harvey is devastating, and my thoughts are with everyone affected.  We've also seen some incredible acts of kindness. From the rescue workers and volunteers who have gone without sleep for days, to Texans of all ages setting out in boats and kayaks to rescue their neighbors, to elected officials on the ground working together to put community ahead of political party, the best of America has shown up in Texas.  The Houston Chronicle has been collecting ways to help -- it's easier than ever to click and donate (I just did!).  Our friends and neighbors in Texas are counting on us, and I know we won't let them down.
I'll be honest: Writing “What Happened” wasn’t easy. Neither is witnessing what we see in the news every day. It’s never been more important to fight back and stand up for what we believe. I hope this book inspires you to keep going.  Learn more here: http://amzn.to/2v391j9
Back at Wellesley College today to talk to the Class of 2017 about what comes next. 💪✊️  Watch:
Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today.
Before this year ends, I want to thank you again for your support of our campaign. While we didn't achieve the outcome we sought, I'm proud of the vision and values we fought for and the nearly 66 million people who voted for them.  I believe it is our responsibility to keep doing our part to build a better, stronger, and fairer future for our country and the world.  The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. So let us rejoice in this season and look forward with renewed hope and determination.  I wish you and your family health, happiness, and continued strength for the New Year and the work ahead. I look forward to staying in touch in 2017. Onward!  With deep appreciation and warm wishes, I am,  Yours,  Hillary
Hillary for America general counsel Marc Elias on listening and responding to calls for an audit and recount:  "Over the last few days, officials in the Clinton campaign have received hundreds of messages, emails, and calls urging us to do something, anything, to investigate claims that the election results were hacked and altered in a way to disadvantage Secretary Clinton. The concerns have arisen, in particular, with respect to Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania — three states that together proved decisive in this presidential election and where the combined margin of victory for Donald Trump was merely 107,000 votes.  It should go without saying that we take these concerns extremely seriously. We certainly understand the heartbreak felt by so many who worked so hard to elect Hillary Clinton, and it is a fundamental principle of our democracy to ensure that every vote is properly counted.  Moreover, this election cycle was unique in the degree of foreign interference witnessed throughout the campaign: the U.S. government concluded that Russian state actors were behind the hacks of the Democratic National Committee and the personal email accounts of Hillary for America campaign officials, and just yesterday, the Washington Post reported that the Russian government was behind much of the “fake news” propaganda that circulated online in the closing weeks of the election.  For all these reasons, we have quietly taken a number of steps in the last two weeks to rule in or out any possibility of outside interference in the vote tally in these critical battleground states. First, since the day after the election we have had lawyers and data scientists and analysts combing over the results to spot anomalies that would suggest a hacked result. These have included analysts both from within the campaign and outside, with backgrounds in politics, technology and academia.  Second, we have had numerous meetings and calls with various outside experts to hear their concerns and to discuss and review their data and findings. As a part of this, we have also shared out data and findings with them. Most of those discussions have remained private, while at least one has unfortunately been the subject of leaks.  Third, we have attempted to systematically catalogue and investigate every theory that has been presented to us within our ability to do so.  Fourth, we have examined the laws and practices as they pertain to recounts, contests and audits.  Fifth, and most importantly, we have monitored and staffed the post-election canvasses — where voting machine tapes are compared to poll-books, provisional ballots are resolved, and all of the math is double checked from election night. During that process, we have seen Secretary Clinton’s vote total grow, so that, today, her national popular vote lead now exceeds more than 2 million votes.  In the coming days, we will continue to perform our due diligence and actively follow all further activities that are to occur prior to the certification of any election results. For instance, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania conduct post-election audits using a sampling of precincts. Michigan and many other states still do not. This is unfortunate; it is our strong belief that, in addition to an election canvass, every state should do this basic audit to ensure accuracy and public confidence in the election.  Beyond the post-election audit, Green Party candidate Jill Stein announced Friday that she will exercise her right as a candidate to pursue a recount in the state of Wisconsin. She has indicated plans to also seek recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan.  Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves, but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides. If Jill Stein follows through as she has promised and pursues recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan, we will take the same approach in those states as well. We do so fully aware that the number of votes separating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of these states — Michigan — well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount. But regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states, we feel it is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legally represented in any court proceedings and represented on the ground in order to monitor the recount process itself.  The campaign is grateful to all those who have expended time and effort to investigate various claims of abnormalities and irregularities. While that effort has not, in our view, resulted in evidence of manipulation of results, now that a recount is underway, we believe we have an obligation to the more than 64 million Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton to participate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will be reported."
"For the sake of our children and our families and our country, I ask you to stay engaged, stay engaged on every level. We need you. America needs you. Your energy, your ambition, your talent. That’s how we get through this. That’s how we help to make our contributions to bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice. I know this isn’t easy, I know that over the past week, a lot of people have asked themselves whether America is the country we thought it was. The divisions laid bare by this election run deep, but please listen to me when I say this. America is worth it. Our children are worth it. Believe in our country, fight for our values and never, ever give up." —Hillary
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.
Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country. I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.  This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country.  But I feel pride and gratitude for this wonderful campaign that we built together—this vast, diverse, creative, unruly, energized campaign. You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.  I know how disappointed you feel, because I feel it too. And so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful, and it will be for a long time. But I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love—and about building an America that’s hopeful, inclusive, and big-hearted.  We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will. And if you do, too, then we must accept this result—and then look to the future.  Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.  Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power, and we don’t just respect that, we cherish it. It also enshrines other things—the rule of law, the principle that we’re all equal in rights and dignity, and the freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these things too—and we must defend them.  And let me add: Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time. So let’s do all we can to keep advancing the causes and values we all hold dear: making our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top; protecting our country and protecting our planet; and breaking down all the barriers that hold anyone back from achieving their dreams.  We’ve spent a year and a half bringing together millions of people from every corner of our country to say with one voice that we believe that the American Dream is big enough for everyone—for people of all races and religions, for men and women, for immigrants, for LGBT people, and people with disabilities. Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will. I am so grateful to stand with all of you.  I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey. It gives me great hope and comfort to know that Tim will remain on the front-lines of our democracy, representing Virginia in the Senate.  To Barack and Michelle Obama: Our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude for your graceful, determined leadership, and so do I.  To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family, my love for you means more than I can ever express. You crisscrossed this country on my behalf and lifted me up when I needed it most—even 4-month-old Aidan traveling with his mom.  I will always be grateful to the creative, talented, dedicated men and women at our headquarters in Brooklyn and across our country who poured their hearts into this campaign. For you veterans, this was a campaign after a campaign — for some of you, this was your first campaign ever. I want each of you to know that you were the best campaign anyone has had.  To all the volunteers, community leaders, activists, and union organizers who knocked on doors, talked to neighbors, posted on Facebook—even in secret or in private: Thank you.  To everyone who sent in contributions as small as $5 and kept us going, thank you.  And to all the young people in particular, I want you to hear this. I’ve spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I’ve had successes and I’ve had setbacks—sometimes really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too.  This loss hurts. But please, please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it. It’s always worth it. And we need you keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives.  To all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion.  I know that we still have not shattered that highest glass ceiling. But some day someone will—hopefully sooner than we might think right now.  And to all the little girls watching right now, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world.  Finally, I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American. And I still believe, as deeply as I ever have, that if we stand together and work together, with respect for our differences, strength in our convictions, and love for this nation—our best days are still ahead of us.  You know I believe we are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never be sorry that you fought for that. Scripture tells us: “Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.”  My friends, let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come and there is more work to do.  I am incredibly honored and grateful to have had this chance to represent all of you in this consequential election. May God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City.
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything.
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915.
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now!  Confirm where you vote at hillaryclinton.com/locate.
"Les pido que elijan, compatriotas, a esta luchadora, a esta mujer de Estado, a esta madre... Nuestra próxima presidenta de los Estados Unidos de América ¡Hillary Clinton!" —Presidente Obama hillaryclinton.com/buscador
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls right from your phone to remind fellow Hillary supporters to go vote:
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today:
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote: hillaryclinton.com/calls
"I am asking you to elect...this fighter, this mother, this grandmother, this patriot—our next president of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton!" —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/locate
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now:
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: hillaryclinton.com/gotv
Todo por lo que hemos trabajado se decide hoy. Comparte esto si apoyas a Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/buscador
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. Share this if you're voting for Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Let’s go make some history today. hillaryclinton.com/locate
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Es el Día de la Elección y los centros de votación están oficialmente abiertos. ¿A qué hora vas a ir a votar? Verifica dónde votar en: hillaryclinton.com/buscador
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here: hillaryclinton.com/locate
There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference.  Share this—and go vote! hillaryclinton.com/locate
"Hoy, les pido su voto. Mañana, hagamos historia juntos" —Hillary hillaryclinton.com/buscador
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina:
"You want to give me a good send off? Go vote!" —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, President Bill Clinton, and Chelsea Clinton live in Philly on the eve of Election Day.
Latino voters are turning out in record numbers to vote. Will you be part of this? Confirm where you'll vote tomorrow: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. Share this if you're voting. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"When Hillary was young, her mom taught her the Methodist Creed:  Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you ever can. That’s her North Star. That’s what guides her. She believes in that. She believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.    That’s what America is about. We are a country like no other not because of the size of our skyscrapers or the power of our armies, but because we are a place founded for the sake of an idea. 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights.' We don’t have to be born into wealth or privilege in this country. We don’t have to practice a certain faith. We don’t have to have a certain last name. We just have to be willing to contribute. We just have to be willing to put our shoulder to the wheel of history, and we can be a part of this community that we call America.    That’s what drove patriots to choose revolution over tyranny. That’s what led GIs to liberate a continent. That’s what gave women the courage to reach for the ballot. That’s what gave marchers the courage to cross a bridge in Selma. That’s what allowed workers to organize for collective bargaining and better wages. That’s what made America exceptional. That’s what makes America great.    In other words, America depends on you—you, all of you. America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. I didn’t say 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.' It’s about what can be achieved by us, each of us, together, through that hard, slow, and, yes, sometimes frustrating work of self-government. That means all of us." —President Obama
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —Beyoncé hillaryclinton.com/locate
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it. hillaryclinton.com/locate
"Today, I'm asking for your vote. Tomorrow, let's make history together." —Hillary hillaryclinton.com/locate
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 133 more reasons Hillary should be our next president.
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud. hillaryclinton.com/locate
Tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. What I’ve seen these past 17 months makes it clear to me that we’re up to the challenge, because we truly are stronger together.
A rally fit for a King. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Somos mejores que la intolerancia, el miedo y el odio.  Comparte ​esto si estás de acuerdo. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
This one's for you, Hillary.
California, stay in line! It’s the last day to early vote for Hillary. Have a question at the polls? Call 1-844-IM4-HILL.
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?”
Hillary and LeBron James are live in Cleveland with two days to go. Watch right here on Facebook:
"We know the progress we've made, despite the forces of opposition, despite the forces of discrimination ... and we intend to keep fighting against those forces." —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The photos that tell the story of Hillary’s career and what she stands for.
We are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.  Share this if you agree. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women.   If you're horrified too, confirm where you'll vote on Tuesday: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"I’m closing this campaign the way that I started my career, fighting for kids and families, standing up for fairness and opportunity, for justice, equality, taking on all those kitchen table issues that keep people up at night." —Hillary
“Lo que estoy diciendo es que sacar a los inmigrantes indocumentados de las sombras y llevarlos a la economía formal sería bueno. Porque entonces los empleadores no pueden explotarlos ni rebajar los salarios de los estadounidenses. Y Donald sabe mucho de esto. Él usó a trabajadores indocumentados para construir la Trump Tower. Pagó menos a los trabajadores indocumentados. Y cuando se quejaron, él les dijo lo que dicen muchos empleadores, ‘si te quejas, serás deportado’. Yo quiero que todos salgan de las sombras, hacer que la economía funcione y evitar que empleadores como Donald Trump exploten a los trabajadores indocumentados, lastimándolos y a todos los trabajadores estadounidenses”.
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing? hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
On this day in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted in a presidential election—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the Nineteenth Amendment was ratified, prohibiting states from denying women the right to vote. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary: hrc.io/2frj6gj
For respect. For the future. For our planet.  On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
When they go low...we vote: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The story of this campaign.
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America: vote. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Trump basó su campaña en atacar a latinos e inmigrantes.  Ahora, ellos tienen el poder de frenarlo, votando: hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
Share this if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Ask yourself: Is this man fit to be the next president of the United States?
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings."
Más de 200 milllones de personas ya se han registrado y el número continúa aumentando. Haz tu plan para votar aquí: hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
La decisión que tomemos en cuatro días tendrá un efecto en nuestro país por décadas. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar  Comparte esto si estás de acuerdo:
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Donald Trump is running the most divisive, hateful, and dangerous campaign in history. Make a plan to vote, and share this with a friend to keep him out of the White House: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against; it's about what we're for—a hopeful, inclusive America where everyone counts and everyone has a place. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real." —Hillary hrc.io/2f2kFTr
The decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan  Share this if you agree:
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial.
"The good news is, all of you are uniquely qualified to make sure this guy who is uniquely unqualified does not become President. You just got to vote. You just got to vote. And the nice thing is, you don’t just have to vote against that guy because you’ve got a candidate who is actually worthy of your vote—who is smart, and who is steady, and who is tested, is probably the most qualified person ever to run for this office, and that is the next President of the United States, Hillary Clinton.  Hillary, she just works through whatever is in front of her. She’s got grit and she’s got resilience. And if she gets knocked down, she just comes back up and she goes back at it. And she knows, most importantly, what the decisions that a President makes means to you.    This isn’t abstract stuff we’re talking about here. If you’re a student, whether you get a Pell grant or were able to make sure that you don’t have a mountain of debt when you get out of school, that depends on decisions that are made in part by the President. If you’re a soldier, whether you get deployed to some far-off land, that is up to the Commander-in-Chief. If you’re a young person who was brought to this country as a child, has grown up as an American but maybe doesn’t have the papers and now you’re trying to figure out how you can contribute to this country you call home, that is something the President has influence over. Veterans, seniors, a single mom who needs some help with child care—that’s what these decisions are about. And Hillary understands that, and she knows those folks need a champion.  And she’s actually got plans to help. She’s actually got plans. The other guy is not a big plan guy. She’s got plans. She can show you how she’s going to make sure more people have early childhood education. She’s going to show how young people can have more affordable college education. And while she’s executing those plans, she’s also going to respect working Americans and the values we care about." —President Obama
Comparte esto si piensas que los niños y las familias merecen a alguien que luche por ellos en la Casa Blanca. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
Yeah hmu when you guys have actual proof. Not one allegation that I’ve seen so far.
And The Mountain voices Phineas! Kind of a neat little coincidence.
What am I supposed to be looking at 
They were advertising the halftime trailer the whole game...
There was no way I was avoiding this trailer by waiting, it’s going to play before Thor in theaters I’m sure. Looks like maybe it did actually give a little bit too much away.  Still looks really good, though.
Agreed. All they are trying to do is make a good show and some of the fans are assholes. Same story with a lot of things I suppose.
Really just don't enjoy the gameplay in these games. It feels clunky and under developed, but maybe I'm just missing something.
I'm just gonna come out and say it. I liked Nellie on the Office. Feels good to get that out.
Even my brother in law who is a die hard Vikings turned off the pre season game for Game of Thrones, something I would have never thought I would witness.
We need more posts like this! Thanks!
Everyone replying has no idea how the actual song goes.
You know, I don't really get it either. I always feel like if I don't go to town everyday I'm going to have to wait a full year because I missed something.
Didn't they kind of do that with Pickle Rick?
That is a very big conclusion to jump to based on you guys just having a feeling.
I literally worry I'll die before some of favorite shows finish. Like what was it all for, man?
The new God of War actually looks pretty incredible.
This show never fails to impress me.
I miss a month ago when we were getting Thrones and R&amp;M on the same night.
I'm on board as well, Dan.
Oh hell yeah. Kong was one of the most fun movies I've seen in a while.
They did a good job making Kong very crafty with weapons in Skull Island, and I believe they mentioned he was still a baby back in the 70's when Skull Island was set, so I could see it being a more fair fight then people anticipate.
Incredibly well done. Nice job, James!
How was Dani hard nosed about it?
That's actually a really good interpretation!
Probably my least favorite of the season. Not many laughs in this one, though I did enjoy seeing more of Rick and Beth's relationship, and I will always take more Jerry.
I thought her decision was actually going to be to kick Rick out of the house because of how destructive he has been to the family.  But yeah, I think she is a clone.
I don't want to just give a "get good" answer, but isn't it kind of just your own problem if you aren't able to kill a mercy?
Really? I thought that season was very hit and miss. I still say Grifting 101 is my least favorite episode from the whole series.
My favorite podcast ever... they said it would come back in the spring but I guess they didn't have the time for it. I'm slowly losing hope him and Emily will ever have the time, but I'll always hold a candle for the Indoor Kids.
This looks great!   Awesome cast, original looking story and amazing stop motion animation!
It was removed from Hulu sadly.
Ant Man handled this really well too.   But how could you not like Bobby Cannavale?
This is true. Plus Seth is a recognizable face, a lot of non trek fans would tune in just based off of that.
I'm not sure if I'm somewhat alone on this, but do you ever have trouble controlling Roach? It seems like he never wants to stick to the path of my waypoint.
Mine was the checkers one. Morty just could not have the win.
How do we know there are only 2 Summers?
Shit, most AAA PS4 games would take up all the default memory space.
It was a pretty good episode, too. Excited to see where they take it, even if this season won't be as serialized as the past few.
Make sure to drop likes on this one, and tell your friends. If this does well, who knows what it could do for the future of the show.
Good. Killing innocents and bragging about it when you're drunk? Pathetic.
Good Place season 2, though!
A 5 pound sack of russet potatoes would have been a better president than Trump.
I used to watch SP when I was way too young (I think this was like 5th grade) because my brothers girlfriend at the time had the DVD's and I did not understand that shit at all. It was so weird it almost creeped me out. I actually thought I might have dreamt that or something until this point.
Arms is fun if you can get it on sale.  Mario and Rabbids is good as well.  Tons of indie games for the go on the switch now, too and Mario Odyssey is coming next month. Nothing with the scope yet of zelda but there's still some awesome games to play.
It's red, you can probably wear it :)
Can't wait to run out three days after delivery 😐
You know what's the worst? People discussing downvote culture.
Hey same episode I just watched! Super cool how the interwove it with his past.
I love how popular the show has become! More fans=More Merch=More funding=More Rick and Morty.  It's not like the quality has gone down since the show became more well known.
Man my coworker and I were just raging about this this morning. Rockstar knows people would buy it, but selling shark cards in way easier. So disappointing.
Do you have a particular favorite? I still think mine is Hardhome. I did not see that shit coming.
So many from The Office (US), but I would say parts 1 and 2 of Stress Relief could be up there.   The scene with the CPR dummy manages to use so many characters just perfectly.
That was season 8! The Tallahassee arch! I actually really like that story line, it was a very different place to take the show just for a couple episodes and I appreciated it. 
Remember when AMC had peak TWD, Breaking Bad and Mad Men at the same fucking time? They must have been on top of the world.
Could you imagine being a former member of the Obama administration? Watching everything you worked for crumble in months after this idiot was elected?
This subreddit is my favorite. Shit memes, quality people.
I goofed, thought by the title this was MK64. Couldn't watch the video because I'm at work. My bad.
Genuine question, do people prefer older versions of games such as this to say, Mario Kart 8 on Switch because of nostalgia, or actual game mechanics?
Really? I'm gonna go set mine right now! Thanks!
Kind of ballsy to include a women screaming about a trump win in front of the tv in the trailer, but I think AHS knows it audience. That being said it doesn't look half bad.
The general consensus seems to be... kind of. I've seen it compared to Entourage since it premiered so if you've seen that you have some sort of gauge to go off of.  I watched the first three episodes back when it first premiered behind True Detective season 2 but didn't stick with it because it wasn't very interesting.
Pupper was just trying to have a roll.
Yeah wouldn't check this one till the episodes over. There's gonna be spoilers from people that watched the leak.
It's fucking perfect. Makes me miss the show :(
What did they think was going to happen? We were going to beg them to stay?
Who is your favorite late night talk show host
This is definitely one of the greatest things Reddit has ever done. 
yep, in a queue just to get into the game.
The trailer I saw in theaters gave the whole damn movie away. If the boring looking premise didn't hook me, the trailer sure as hell didn't either.
I just wanted to bring this to the subs attention because I know how much he was appreciated on Community and a little more support never hurts.
It could be good exposure to the sub possibly?  But yeah this meme died for the 2nd time it hit the front page.
I would also like to know but my break is almost over. RemindMe!
There will probably be a free trial, right?
I think about her more than any other death from the show for sure.
Whoa! That's awesome, have a good time!
With any other show I disagree, but GoT is a phenomenon. It's completely their fault for not being caught up on something this huge.
Do you play video games?
I thought maybe they shaved him because of the acid makeup they had to put on him. Could be easier to put on without the beard?
I don't feel like the characters are written terribly, though. And based on discussions online people are enjoying this season for the most part. I know I am.
You sort of maybe sound like you just don't like the show or the characters...
Sweet! Thanks for the doing the research.
How is the Aimee/Kevin thing explored more?
I actually like this. He played that first one and talked about it on his podcast so it's nice he can be apart of this. I see how his voice doesn't fit but it's just fun to see Kumail in the game.
&gt;Vanilla              Gross
Rest In Peace, you magnificent bastard 
I think we hit a solid 24 hours between this and the "FEMA can't stay in P.R. forever!" Tweet.
The U.K. Virgin Islands have no president. He can only be talking about the US Virgin Islands.
You really do see things however you want, huh?
Way to bring up a completely unrelated topic
Days without being a national embarrassment: ~~1~~ 0    
I'd rather be caught watching porn than looking at this
Holy fuck stop reposting this. 
They can't stay in Florida or Texas either, but he hasn't mentioned that. 
Oh, excuse me. Maybe I was wrong. This is just edge. 
Trumpets are such revolting creatures. 
I'm honestly shocked there's not a Twitter war going on right now. 
I'll bet that's what slave owners were saying before the first civil war.
Puerto Rico is part of America. 
Gonna need a source for that claim. 
Are you brain dead? 
Essentially saying "At any time, we can leave you to die". Which sounds like a threat to me. 
Bush was so bad, we got to elect our first black president.           By the time Trump is done, we'll get a Latino lesbian. 
I'd rather replace him with someone good, but at this point...
Citizenship is granted to occupants of territories, so he's right. 
Blue Shift 2020. For anyone looking to move out of Puerto Rico, I recommend Florida. 
This is prime neoconservatism. Your existence needs to be "Justified". Absolutely disgusting. 
"We can't stay in P.R. forever!" is saying "Fix your own shit or you're gonna be on your own". And this is after months of FEMA presence in other locations, while Puerto Rico has had it for ~3 weeks. 
How can the U.S. compete with Japan, the kingdom of giant robot fights? They've been practicing since the 60s. 
Except that's essentially exactly what he said. 
Disgusting. Shouta is best girl. 
Fuck this post for making me look at Sagiri. 
Yeah, but trap-loving females don't exist, so it's a moot point. 
Someone ELI5? Are there new models? 
No, that's not the established narrative. The only way you'd think that is if you surround yourself in an echo-chamber of cherrypicked examples. 
DnD and trashpandas on the same day? Fuck yeah. 
This sub is usually pretty accepting, but every so often someone will go out of their way to rip on a group that really doesn't deserve it. I've been here a couple years now and I notice the patterns.
Aho Mom is a kinky domme. No second thought needed. 
You don't have to call them trannies, you know. 
Mugi is rocking that Wendy's look.
At what point did we call for gun control?            Marx agreed. Citizens should be armed. 
You realize leftists don't talk like that, right? 
Find a 6'2" bro to have a completely heterosexual bromance with. Make sure the fangirls get a good look every time you make physical contact. 
Then I don't want to be straight 
I don't think I've ever seen an anime make a live-action gag. Caught me completely off guard. 
Fallout 4 is good, but I'd kill for another Obsidian Fallout. NV had a really compelling, thought-provoking plot. Four had fun gameplay but the story lacked that political aspect.             I think that's the key difference between Beth's Fallout and original Fallout. Original Fallout focused on the political spectrum of the world overall, while Bethesda's games focus on personal ties. 
I can relate.           But unfortunately, I'm not a cute anime girl, so it isn't cute chub. It's just gross. 
In their eyes, the Right can do no wrong. Any Right wing terrorist attacks are just leftists trying to make them look bad. 
\&gt;Being surprised about Steam news on /r/Steam 
Time to make Half Life 3, then. 
No chance that's a coincidence. It's gotta be a He-Man reference.           Though, I'll admit I'm unsure how popular Barbara cartoons were in Japan....
The first half of the S2 premiere was dedicated to roasting fujos. 
I want a statistic for that claim.
I think most of us haven't watched Osomatsu-kun.            I'd say watch this episode, and if you like it, consider the first season. 
3D Jyushimatsu looked better than anything in Berserk 2016.
There's a universe in this cat's eyes
Y E S B O Y E
You're the one who cared enough to post your own butthurt comment. 
Why does it look like a gaming rig....?
Where does it get its database of images from....?
Now if only it was as good as PUBG.
Time will tell - but Red Dead 1 was never released on PC, so it's safe to assume it won't happen. 
Call me when it's on PC or PS Now
Infiltrating?           IT'S ALWAYS BEEN OURS       WE CONTROL THE MEMES OF PRODUCTION HERE
Dunno if this is surreal. There's a clear joke that makes sense. 
How? It's the better game.
You really don't know what this post is about, do you?
For the record, I didn't downvote you.
Is it true there are loot boxes that affect gameplay?
It's sad that this isn't common sense in this preorder-driven industry.
I dunno, Portal 2 wrapped up the story nicely. Half Life 3 has a cliffhanger to follow up on.
I understand what you mean, but keep in mind this is a very intentional form of marketing. Odds are, the person running their Twitter has nothing to do with the actual game development.
I'm remaining skeptical until I can be sure the game is a worthy successor to Battlefront 2.
&gt;Freedom of speech must be protected by denying that freedom to people I don't like 
Imagine having the ability to read the actual article. 
I guess this will be the Paladins to Overwatch's PUBG?
Damn, it's been a while since I've seen one of these.
Thereby, it's people are US citizens
I thought Trump declared kneeling was no longer allowed?
Everyone should stand for the national anthem with right arm raised in a "Heil Hitler" salute to our flag in recognition of the demands of the President of the United States that the NFL and other employers penalize employees who fail to publicly demonstrate a pledge of loyalty. Such governmental demands are no different than Hitler's requirement of a Heil Hitler salute. And that's exactly what our President should get from now on.
Everyone should stand for the national anthem with right arm raised in a "Heil Hitler" salute to our flag in recognition of the demands of the President of the United States that the NFL and other employers penalize employees who fail to publicly demonstrate a pledge of loyalty. Such governmental demands are no different than Hitler's requirement of a Heil Hitler salute. And that's exactly what our President should get from now on.
Yes. And for me, I don’t want one single solitary person standing and saluting my flag because they feel obligated or forced. I want them standing because they love my country and want to show it.   Donald Trump trying to get employers to threaten to fire employees who don’t stand is ruining the entire meaning behind people standing for the national anthem. It is also why I made the Nazi salute comparison. Trump trying to get employers to fire employees who don’t salute the flag is about as close as I ever want to come to Hitler requiring a Nazi salute. 
The President of the United States has no business calling for employers to demand employees “demonstrate loyalty”. My comments have nothing to do with what other Americans my feel ... I’m talking about my government (my President) demanding employers punish employees who don’t do as Trump says. Fuck him. 
Indeed, the greatest demonstration of respect for American freedom and American values would be for all Americans to sit quietly with heads bowed during the pledge of allegience, national anthym, or displays of the flag until (1) Trump acknowledges that forcing Americans to “show respect” is completely un-American; or (2) he is no longer President. 
Being forced to stand for the National Anthym or being forced to salute the flag is what Hitler did as symbolized by the Nazi salute. Loving your country becomes pretty meaningless if you are forced to say (or forced to demonstrate) you love.   This is all a bunch of Trump fascist crap. 
The real bullshit about this entire debate is the fact that the **only reason** I respect my Country (the USA) is that I am not **forced** to give a Nazi salute but can give the finger instead. The day I am forced to show respect to Trump is the day I shit on the American flag in public.
Health insurers have always rigged the system. Before 1994, if you had insurance and got very sick (read=incurred lots of medical expenses), the solution was simple. Your health insurer simply refused to renew your policy (which was their legal right). Once your policy lapsed, your medical condition automatically became a pre-existing condition. Thus, they would issue you a **new** policy that excluded the expensive medical bills. They collected your annual premium but **never** had to pay for truly catastrophic or expensive medical care.   The only exception was for people lucky enough to work for a Fortune 500 Company because insurers wouldn't walk away from the hugely lucrative premium dollars generated by a large plan. But there was still a problem ... we suddenly had lots and lots of people trapped working for an employer who couldn't leave because they had a very ill child or spouse who were otherwise uninsurable.   So, in 1994 Congress enacted legislation that made it illegal for health insurers to refuse to renew coverage simply because an insured got sick. After all, that was the purpose of purchasing insurance in the first place, right? Well, not so fast. The law didn't say anything about cost (premiums) and while insurers had to renew, they were free to charge whatever they wanted. The result was the same. Iindividual and small group policies were so expensive after a serious medical occurrence, people couldn't afford the jacked up renewal premium, the policy lapsed, and the insurers were happy to offer a **new** policy at the old rates but which excluded the medical problem as a pre-existing condition. The 1994 law did have one salutary impact: if you were lucky enough to belong to a large plan and had a very sick child, you could now switch jobs without losing coverage provided you moved to another large plan (hence why the law was known as "Portability").   **Finally** all this gamesmanship by health insurers was put to rest for the first time in history with the enactment of the ACA. Now insurers could no longer walk away from insurers who faithfully paid their premiums just because they got sick.   But health insurers hate that. After all, they were making money hand over fist with the rigged system that existed before where an insured faithfully paid his/her premium year after year but once the insured got sick, the insurance company would simply walk away by refusing to renew or jacking up the renewal premium ... and then offering a **new policy** that left the sick uninsured forever for his/her expensive medical condition.   **THIS** is the system the Republican Party is so desperately trying to return to. A system that benefits the 1% who own and control the health insurance industry ... at the expense and to the detriment of the health and well being of every day Americans. 
btw, everyone wave hello to Trump's social media team who monitor reddit and facebook. Hi boys.  Edit: monitor~~s~~
The United States Dpt of Justice investigated Trump and his rental practices. The investigation included a sting operation. The DOJ concluded Donald J. Trump engaged in a wilful and knowing practice of refusing to rent apartments to black people.  Here's one link. [See detailed story of the Civil Rights Action against Trump](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html). There is much more including source materials if you want to spend the time searching.   The Dpt of Justice ran a sting operation and there was an hour long documentary a few years back that includes one of the undercover videos. It shows the building manager telling black people the apartments had already been rented but the "For Rent" sign just not yet taken down. Then white DOJ employees showed up a while later - the sign still there - and they of course are immediately shown the apartment.  Eventually when they felt they had enough proof, the DOJ confronted the manager. When he learned they were DOJ he shit his pants. He told them he was only following orders. They asked who. He said Trump. They then had him drive them to Trump (all on film). They then confronted Trump directly (on film). If I recall, he refused to talk unless they turned off the cameras.  I'm sure a thorough search will locate the documentary as well as the actual DOJ Civil Rights Complaint (I've read it) that named Donald J. Trump as President of Trump Properties and Donald J. Trump personally and individually (it also named his father Fred who by then was turning over operations to Donald).   Equally troubling is not only the damning evidence against Trump but the fact there never was a need for the Civil Rights Action the DOJ eventually filed. The DOJ advised Trump he could avoid a Civil Rights Action if he simply agreed to cease and desist from his fraudulent and discriminatory refusals to allow black people to view apartments For Rent and if he agreed to actually rent apartments to minorities. All he had to do was say: "Of course."   But of course we all know his response. He refused. The DOJ responded by filing a Civil Rights Action naming Donald Trump as a defendant individually (and as President of Trump Properties).  After spending a few years litigating and a fortune on attorney fees, he caved on the eve of trial and agreed to sign the same Consent Decree originally demanded by the DOJ.   Frankly, for me, this is all the evidence I'll ever need to know the character of this man. But there's more. Lots more. (As an aside - we know the origins of his racism - his daddy was photographed being arrested at a KKK rally in Manhattan years earlier).  Off the cuff,  here's a few items:  --When the first black man became President, what did Trump do? He spent years preaching a knowingly false narrative that Obama wasn't born in the United States and therefore not eligible to be President.  --This past Monday one of the CEOs on Trump's Business Councils resigned in protest to Trump's statement on Sat equivocating about "both sides" being at fault. The CEO who resigned happened to be the only black CEO on the Council. Trump immediately took to twitter and blasted him in a stunning display of anger and hatred. Yet on Tue, a mere 24 hours later, several white CEOs resigned for the same reason. But the number of white CEOs attacked by name by Trump for resigning? All together now ... z-e-r-o.   --On Tue Trump had his now famous news conference in which he demonstrated his lack of self control in which he lashed out at the media (and the world) in very angry tones. It was during this conference that he said: *While there were Nazis that marched Fri night, not all of them were Nazis ... there were plenty of "very fine people" that marched alongside the Nazis who were only interested in protesting the removal of a statue.*  **Let's be very clear here. Any good people entering that park Fri night with the intent of peacefully protesting the removal of a statue left their "good people" card at the door when they joined a parade of white men carrying torches screaming Nazi chants.**   --On Wed (this has been another incredible week in Trump land) Trump was forced to disband his two Corporate Councils after being told one Council had voted to resign en masse and there would be more defections in the second. It became clear America's CEOs were outraged at Trump's playing cozy footsie with Nazism and racism:  &gt;President Trump’s relationship with the American business community suffered a major setback on Wednesday as the president was forced to shut down his major business advisory councils after corporate leaders repudiated his comments on the violence in Charlottesville this weekend. &gt; &gt;Trump announced the disbanding of the two councils — the Strategy &amp; Policy Forum and the Manufacturing Council, which hosted many of the top corporate leaders in America — amid a growing uproar by chief executives furious over Trump's decision to equate the actions of white supremacists and protesters in remarks Tuesday at Trump Tower.  [Link](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2017/08/16/after-wave-of-ceo-departures-trump-ends-business-and-manufacturing-councils/)  I could go on and on and on.  But I'm really not trying to convince anyone about Trump. To me the evidence is overwhelming and anyone trying to dispute it is simply being disingenuous. The bottom line is this for many of Americans: We know Trump is a racist and we detest Trump because of it. And morally we cannot tolerate people who enable a racist President by supporting him. Their ongoing support is intolerable and immoral and frankly makes them as racist as Trump. More and more of us are simply no longer interested in having Trump supporters in our lives - as a matter of morality and a matter of principle. 
The United States Dpt of Justice investigated Trump and his rental practices. The investigation included a sting operation. The DOJ concluded Donald J. Trump engaged in a wilful and knowing practice of refusing to rent apartments to black people.  Here's one link. [See detailed story of the Civil Rights Action against Trump](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html).   There is much more including source materials if you really care enough to spend the time searching. The Dpt of Justice ran a sting operation and there was an hour long documentary a few years back that includes one of the undercover videos. It shows the building manager telling black people the apartments had already been rented but the "For Rent" sign just not yet taken down. Then white DOJ employees showed up a while later - the sign still there - and they of course are immediately shown the apartment.  Eventually when they felt they had enough proof, the confronted the manager. When he learned they were DOJ he shit his pants. He told them he was only following orders. They asked who. He said Trump. They then had him drive them to Trump (all on film). They then confronted Trump directly (on film). If I recall, je wouldn't talk until they turned off the cameras.  I'm sure you can find that documentary and the actual DOJ Civil Rights Complaint that named Donald J. Trump as President of Trump Properties and Donald J. Trump personally and individually (it also named his father Fred who by then was turning over operations to Donald). Anyway, if you search, the actual Civil Rights Complaint with details of the DOJ investigation, evidence and findings is available online.  Equally troubling is not only the damning evidence against Trump but the fact there never was a need for the Civil Rights Action the DOJ eventually filed. They first offered Trump to avoid litigation if he would simply agree to cease and desist from refusing to show and rent apartments to minorities. All he had to do was say: "Of course." Instead he refused. The DOJ responded by filing a Civil Rights Action naming him as a defendant individually (and as President of Trump Properties).  After spending a few years litigating and a fortune on attorney fees, he caved on the eve of trial and agreed to sign the same Consent Decree originally demanded by the DOJ.   Frankly for me I don't need any more information than the above. But there's more. Lots more. (As an aside - we know the origins of his racism - his daddy was photographed being arrested at a KKK rally in Manhattan years earlier).  Just a few items:  When the first black man became President, what did Trump do? He spent years preaching a knowingly false narrative that Obama wasn't born in the United States and therefore not eligible to be President.  Monday one of his CEO's resigned in protest to Trump's statement on Sat equivocating about "both sides" being at fault. The CEO that resigned was the only black CEO. Trump blasted him on twitter in a stunning display of anger and hatred. Yet 24 hours later on Tue several white CEOs resigned for the same reason and he had nothing negative to say about the white CEOs.  Then Tue he had his now famous news conference in which he said that while there were Nazis that marched Fri night, that not all of the marchers were Nazis and there were plenty of "very fine people" that marched with the Nazis but were only interested in protesting the statue.  **Let's be very clear here. Any good people entering that park Fri night with the intent of peacefully protesting the removal of a statue left their "good people" card at the door when they joined a parade of white men carrying torches screaming Nazi chants.**   Indeed, Wed afternoon Trump had to disband his two Corporate Counsel Groups because America's CEOs are outraged at his playing cozy with Nazism and racism:  &gt;President Trump’s relationship with the American business community suffered a major setback on Wednesday as the president was forced to shut down his major business advisory councils after corporate leaders repudiated his comments on the violence in Charlottesville this weekend. &gt; &gt;Trump announced the disbanding of the two councils — the Strategy &amp; Policy Forum and the Manufacturing Council, which hosted many of the top corporate leaders in America — amid a growing uproar by chief executives furious over Trump's decision to equate the actions of white supremacists and protesters in remarks Tuesday at Trump Tower.  [Link](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2017/08/16/after-wave-of-ceo-departures-trump-ends-business-and-manufacturing-councils/)  I could go on and on and on.  But I'm really not trying to convince anyone about Trump. To me the evidence is overwhelming and anyone trying to dispute it is simply being disingenuous. The bottom line is this for many of Americans: We know Trump is a racist and we detest Trump because of it. And morally we cannot tolerate people who enable a racist President by supporting him. Their ongoing support is intolerable and immoral and frankly makes them as racist as Trump. More and more of us are simply no longer interested in having Trump supporters in our lives - as a matter of morality and a matter of principle.   Edit: Attack in Barcelona a short while ago. Trump immediately sends his condolences even though it is too soon to know who was responsible. Meanwhile Trump remains silent regarding the Aug 5th bombing of a mosque in MN.
The United States Dpt of Justice brought a civil rights violation action against Donald Trump personally because he refused to permit black people to rent apartments in his buildings. The Dpt of Justice said all he needed to do was agree to rent to minorities. He refused. Instead he spent a fortune in legal fees fighting to keep minorities out of his buildings. On the eve of trial he caved and signed the Consent Decree. **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then when the first African American President was elected, Donald J. Trump attacked the legitimacy of the President's citizenship with full knowledge that his attack was 100% based upon a lie.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then during a television interview during his campaign he was asked about David Duke and the KKK and he outright refused to denounce him or his views (he finally renounced him weeks later after being forced to do so because of the political firestorm).  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the murder of a Muslim on a train in Seattle.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the bombing of a mosque last week.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  And today he refused to denounce the views of Nazis.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  ---------------------------------------------------------- Edit: And as for the racism of Trump supporters:  What do we know about people who still support Trump?   Well, we know that approximately 38% of Americans hold racist views towards minorities (see links below) - that percentage is pretty much the same as the percentage of Americans who currently support Trump. Does anyone seriously contend racists support someone **other than Trump**? Obviously not - so it  can't be much of a surprise to see his support hover in the 33%-38% range (essentially the white racists in America).  ["White" Americans represent 77.35% of the US population](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Americans).   Meanwhile, studies show that racist views towards black and hispanic Americans are held by [more than 50% of all Americans](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2012/10/27/poll-black-prejudice-america/1662067/).  If half of White America is racist, simple math tells us that represents 38.675% of Americans (77.35% * 50% = 38.675%). And that total essentially equals the same percentage of America that currently supports Trump.   And - here's my big question. Why would any good thinking, moral, person of character align himself/herself with someone (Trump) whose overwhelming support comes from racists? Even if there were some good things he believes in, isn't the fact that racist America so clearly supports him enough to stay away? The same as you would stay away from David Duke?  Some additional reading regarding racism and Trump's support:  Very interesting article on [racism in America](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/how-racist-is-america).  A [political science blog post by pollsters](https://thewpsa.wordpress.com/2016/03/27/racial-resentment-and-the-rise-of-donald-trump/) discussing the evidence of clear racism in Trump supporters.    Other articles directly discussing the racism behind the election of Trump [here](https://theintercept.com/2017/04/06/top-democrats-are-wrong-trump-supporters-were-more-motivated-by-racism-than-economic-issues/) and [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/11/22/peoples-views-about-race-mattered-more-in-electing-trump-than-in-electing-obama/?utm_term=.0f34b2b13684)
&gt;Is He Scared Of Upsetting White Supremacists?  No way. No how. That is **not** the reason.  The United States Dpt of Justice brought a civil rights violation action against Donald Trump personally because he refused to permit black people to rent apartments in his buildings. The Dpt of Justice said all he needed to do was agree to rent to minorities. He refused. Instead he spent a fortune in legal fees fighting to keep minorities out of his buildings. On the eve of trial he caved and signed the Consent Decree. **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then when the first African American President was elected, Donald J. Trump attacked the legitimacy of the President's citizenship with full knowledge that his attack was 100% based upon a lie.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then during a television interview during his campaign he was asked about David Duke and the KKK and he outright refused to denounce him or his views (he finally renounced him weeks later after being forced to do so because of the political firestorm).  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the murder of a Muslim on a train in Seattle.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the bombing of a mosque last week.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  And today he refused to denounce the views of Nazis.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  --------------------------------------- So, what do we know about the people who currently support Trump?   Approximately 38% of Americans hold racist views towards minorities (see links below) - pretty much the same percentage of Americans who currently support Trump. **Sort of says it all, doesn't it?**  ---------------- For research if you're interested  ["White" Americans represent 77.35% of the US population](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Americans).   Meanwhile, studies show that racist views towards black and hispanic Americans are held by [more than 50% of all Americans](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2012/10/27/poll-black-prejudice-america/1662067/).  Very interesting article on [racism in America](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/how-racist-is-america).  A [political science blog post by pollsters](https://thewpsa.wordpress.com/2016/03/27/racial-resentment-and-the-rise-of-donald-trump/) discussing the evidence of clear racism in Trump supporters.    Other articles directly discussing the racism behind the election of Trump [here](https://theintercept.com/2017/04/06/top-democrats-are-wrong-trump-supporters-were-more-motivated-by-racism-than-economic-issues/) and [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/11/22/peoples-views-about-race-mattered-more-in-electing-trump-than-in-electing-obama/?utm_term=.0f34b2b13684)  Edit: Add info below line re: percentage of racism in America
The United States Dpt of Justice brought a civil rights violation action against Donald Trump personally because he refused to permit black people to rent apartments in his buildings. The Dpt of Justice said all he needed to do was agree to rent to minorities. He refused. Instead he spent a fortune in legal fees fighting to keep minorities out of his buildings. On the eve of trial he caved and signed the Consent Decree. **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then when the first African American President was elected, Donald J. Trump attacked the legitimacy of the President's citizenship with full knowledge that his attack was 100% based upon a lie.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then during a television interview during his campaign he was asked about David Duke and the KKK and he outright refused to denounce him or his views (he finally renounced him weeks later after being forced to do so because of the political firestorm).  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the murder of a Muslim on a train in Seattle.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  Then he refused to denounce the bombing of a mosque last week.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**  And today he refused to denounce the views of Nazis.  **Donald J. Trump is a racist.**
&gt;  saber tooth kangaroo or some shit  [Killer Kangaroo Had Wolf-Like Fangs](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2006/07/060725-kangaroo.html) ... and I found the reference on the same page of the article OP cited ... lol
What I don't understand is why there is so little focus upon why so many other Republicans were in favor of such unpopular legislation. Is there any doubt about the answer to that question? And what can the country do to take back ownership of democracy from the billionaire donor class that so obviously owns ~~the Republican party~~ both major parties?  Edit: Who did the Occupy Wallstreeters vote for? Those protests arose from a huge wave of underlying frustration with power politics (outsized influence of billionaires). The majority were undoubtedly Sanders supporters although I suspect some (many?) subsequently found more in common with the "blow up the system" rhetoric of Trump than Clinton. Obviously not much of a choice. But my point is that I suspect a fair percentage of current Trump supporters believed in the same things as Occupy Wallstreet; and, if the non-racist portion of them can get behind a real movement, maybe there's actually hope that 2020 can bring more than just ousting Trump - and actually result in revolutionary, not just evolutionary, change.  Edit-2: As for those defending the DNC and noting the support of Soros and other "benevolent" billionaires, I can only say: My democratic rights shouldn't be limited to a choice between a "mean billionaire class" or a "benevolent billionaire class". It's about time neither Koch nor Soros have the "power" to pick up the phone and successfully get any Congressman, Dept Head, or even the President on the phone within minutes - when nobody on reddit can come close to that kind of influence. Take away all financial influence on voting and legislation and **maybe** some things start to change. 
I am a life long (and still registered) Republican. Since I first registered Republican in 1976. But I am no longer a Republican and will be changing my registration when I get the chance. And I did not vote Republican in 2016.  I didn't leave the party. The party left me.  The overwhelming majority of decent, moral, people of character would find it impossible to align themselves with a man whose primary support comes from racists. It would be similar to Germans claiming to support Hitler but claiming the reason had nothing to do with his racist views.  Estimates are that Caucasians with racist views towards minorities make up 35+ percent of America - coincidentally pretty much the same percentage of America that supports Trump.  Most racists are not overt racists - is is simply not socially acceptable (at least not before Trump became President). I find it impossible to associate with anyone who supports Trump precisely because it tells me so much about their lack of moral compass and character.  I've removed myself from some pretty close friends as a result. While a bit sad, I'm happy to have learned the truth about them.
---------------------------------------------------------- **The Truth and Lies Revealed by Trump Jr's eMails**  ---------------------------------------------------------- I spent time reviewing the Trump Jr email chain and looking up "who is who". My analysis is detailed below.    A copy of Trump Jr's email chain can be found [at .npr.org](https://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=3892196-Donald-Trump-Jr-Email-Exchange).   ----------------------------------------------------------- Edit-6: (8:45 PM Sunday night July 16, 2017) ... the news  finally beginning to pick up on the logic of Putin's involvement in the email ... NY Times: [A Russian Developer Helps Out the Kremlin on Occasion. Was He a Conduit to Trump?](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/16/world/europe/aras-agalarov-trump-kremlin.html)   Edit-5: (10:53 PM Friday night July 14, 2017) ... It's odd how insights can be elusive but then suddenly become clear. I've been posting about this subject for days now - with many questioning why I believe this was a message from Putin. Suddenly, out of the blue, a realization strikes. Something that in hindsight seems so obvious.   Aras Agalarov is a Russian billionaire and close friend of Vladimir Putin. The email to Jr indicates it is being sent at the behest of Agalarov. The email advises Trump the Russian government is supporting Trump in the election and further advises that documents damaging to Clinton are being delivered from Russia to Trump. Does anyone on earth truly believe Aras Agalarov would send such a communication to the Republican candidate for President of the United States without the knowledge of his good friend Vladimir Putin?  I have not incorporated this critical fact into my post below which I am leaving to stand in its most recent incarnation. However, the obvious connection to Putin should cause everyone sit up and seriously reflect for a moment. It's truly scary.  ----------------------------------------------------------  To appreciate the significance of the email chain between Donald Trump Jr and Russian Goldstone requires some context.  Fact-1. The initial email indicates it is being sent at the request of Aras Agalarov.  Fact-2. Aras Agalarov is a Russian billionaire with close ties to Vladimir Putin. He was also Donald Trump’s business partner in 2013. [Donald Trump Sr described Aras Agalarov](http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-once-called-agalarovs-most-powerful-people-russia-635770 ) and his son as **the most powerful people in all of Russia**.  Fact-3. The email states Agalarov had become aware of “documents and information that would incriminate Hillary” and which would be delivered to Trump.   Fact-4. The email reveals Trump Jr called and spoke with Agalarov's son to verify/validate the email before proceeding further.  There are only two possibilities: (i) Aras Agalarov was duped or tricked; or (ii) the meeting proceeded exactly as intended by Russia and the documents and information was delivered (or other other arrangements were agreed upon or Russia set Trump up).   The context of the email chain provided by the facts above help reveal the answer. Aras Agalarov, a billionaire and personal friend of Putin, is undoubtedly one of the most powerful men in the world (as descibed by President Trump himself). It requires suspension of reality to the point of ridiculousness to believe the meeting didn't go exactly as Agalarov intended it to go. We can debate Russia's motives behind the email message and meeting, but it is ludicrous to believe Agalarov was duped, or tricked, or manipulated. Afterall, the Russian lawyer who would have duped him is still alive.  The only logical, common sense, and likely explanation is: the documents were delivered exactly as promised (or some other business arrangement was made). What is not plausible is that the Russian lawyer ran this show - delivered nothing and just engaged in a lobbying effort - to the embarassment of Aras Agalarov. That just didn't happen despite what Trump Jr is claiming.  Moreover, the documents described in the email message were most likely documents obtained by the Russian government. If so, they would have been under the control of the government (read: Vladimir Putin) and not in the possession of Aras Agalarov. Agalarov would be a natural messenger between Putin and Trump due to his personal connections to both. Not only does that make sense logically, but Trump Jr's email itself is suggestive in that regard: “*This is obviously very high level and sensitive information* **but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump** *- helped along by Aras and Emin.*” The wording not only describes the Russian government as being involved in the election, it suggests the government as the source of the documents being discussdd.  The email also reveals the Russian lawyer was already scheduled to fly from Moscow on June 8th to participate in a court hearing in NYC on June 9th at 3:00. Her schedule made her a convenient courier. She delivered the documents (or message or whatever it is she was instructed), but this meeting most definitely was not about her (or adoption). She may have been a messenger and delivery person - but she was acting for herself and she is **not** the story.   The facts revealed by the email - viewed logically - lead to the only rational conclusion that the Russian lawyer proceeded as intended by Agalarov (Putin) and delivered documents (or whatever was agreed upon) to Trump Jr on June 9th. Furthermore, once that conclusion is reached, the next logical "dot to be connected" falls into place: the documents delivered were from the Russian government.   And, if we accept that (1) documents were delivered to the Trump campaign on June 9th (2) by the Russian government; then (3) Putin has proof of #1 and #2 (Kompromat) and holds Trump's Presidency in his hands. Which explains Trump's behavior towards Russia and Putin.  Astounding as it may be (and I am in shock right now) – the inescapable conclusion is that the President of the United States is under the direct control of Russia. If that isn't a crisis for our country - if all American citizens aren't infuriated (and scared) by that - then we deserve Vladimir Putin as our President.  With this morning's still breaking story about other Russians in the meeting, it appears we are already moving beyond the White House "story" that this was just a Russian lawyer who wanted to lobby the White House.  ------------------------------------------------ Edit-5 (10:53 PM Friday night July 14, 2017) - see notes at top of post.  Edit-4 (9:10 on 7-14-2017): Reworded to make clear the purpose of my post is to reject the suggestion of Trump Jr that the meeting was about a Russian lobbyist and that in fact the meeting was in reality about Aras Agalarov and more likely, Putin himself.  Edit-3 (5:53 on 7-13-2017): Deleted most of the "Introduction" I added at 3:27 because it sounded awfully freaking pretentious when I had read it again just now. Nobody said anything - but I apologize anyway.  Edit-2 (3:27 on 7-13-2017): Slight rewording to address some of the repetitive questions I've received. Moved edits to bottom.  Edit-1 (1:48 on 7-13-2017): (It helps to have a copy of Trump Jr's email chain in front  of you when you read my post - a copy can be found [here](https://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=3892196-Donald-Trump-Jr-Email-Exchange) ). When you read Junior's email chain everything falls into place - a light bulb goes off - if you read it with the view the email is being sent at the direction of Vladamir Putin. With that realization, Goldstone, the Russian lawyer, and even Aras Agalarov himself, are irrelevant to the substance of the communication being transmitted to Trump Jr. by Putin. I suggest coming back to this point after reading my post below. Thank you. 
The Truth and Lies Revealed by Trump Jr's eMails  The Trump Jr emails reveal that “documents and information” were almost certainly delivered to Trump at the June 9th "meeting". There is no other logical conclusion from the email chain.  Fact-1. The initial email states it is being sent at the request of Aras Agalarov.  Fact-2. Aras Agalarov is a Russian billionaire with close ties to Vladimir Putin. He was also Donald Trump’s business partner in 2013.  Fact-3. The email states Agalarov had become aware of “documents and information that would incriminate Hillary” and which would be delivered to Trump.   Fact-4. The email reveals Trump Jr called and spoke with Agalarov's son to verify the email before proceeding.  There are only two possibilities: (i) Aras Agalarov wasted Jr’s time and the promised documents were never delivered. (ii) The documents were delivered as promised.   The context provided by the facts above reveal the answer. Aras Agalarov is undoubtedly one of the most powerful men in the world. To think he arranged to have an email message delivered (and verified by phone) only to have a Russian lawyer arrive without information or documents (as claimed by Team Trump) requires suspension of reality to the point of ridiculousness. It is simply not credible to believe that a man of Agalarov's stature and power was either duped himself or wasted his own time playing a game on Trump.  The only logical, common sense, and likely explanation is: the documents were delivered exactly as promised.  Moreover, the documents referenced in the email message to Trump Jr were almost surely documents obtained by the Russian government. As such, they would have been in under the control of Vladimir Putin and not in the possession of Aras Agalarov. Agalarov was almost certainly simply being used as a convenient messenger (due to his personal connections to both Putin and Trump) to avoid any direct reference to or direct involvement of, Putin. Not only does that make sense logically, but Trump Jr's email itself is suggestive in that regard: “*This is obviously very* **high level** *and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump* - **helped along by Aras** *and Emin.*” That odd wording would only be interpreted by Trump in one way– that Aras Agalarov was merely passing along information from a higher level (and for Trump there would be only one person in the world at a level higher than Agalarov).  Additionally, the email reveals the Russian lawyer was already scheduled to fly from Moscow on June 8th to participate in a court hearing in NYC on June 9th at 3:00. Her schedule made her a convenient courier - no more and no less.  The facts revealed by the email - viewed logically - lead to the only rational conclusion that the Russian lawyer in fact delivered documents to Trump Jr on June 9th. Furthermore, once that conclusion is reached, the next logical "dot to be connected" falls into place: the documents delivered were from the Russian government.   And, if we accept that (1) documents were delivered Trump campaign on June 9th (2) by the Russian government; then (3) Putin has proof of #1 and #2 (Kompromat) and holds Trump's Presidency in his hands. Which explains Trump's behavior towards Russia and Putin.  Astounding as it may be (and I am in shock right now) – the inescapable conclusion is that the President of the United States is under the direct control of Russia. If that isn't a crisis for our country - if all American citizens aren't infuriated (and scared) by that - then we deserve Vladimir Putin as our President. 
Sanders had to overcome the public perception he wasn't a viable candidate - which was hindered tremendously by the existence of super delegates and how far they put Clinton ahead. I will forever believe Sanders would have wiped the floor with Clinton in the primaries if there weren't super delegates. Clinton was unfairly advantaged by the appearance of such a large lead when in fact her "lead" was a false perception created by the Democrat's rigged primary system. 
Topple? Hahahahahahahaha - they just WON today.  Edit: And what is amazing - I MEAN FREAKING AMAZING - is how Americans SUPPORT doing away with the protections finally provided by Obamacare. Talking about voting AGAINST your personal interest &lt;sigh&gt;
Again, a total misconception about pre-existing conditions. Here's the TRUTH about what was happening pre-ACA and what health insurers (Republicans) want to return to:   1.John faithfully pays health insurance premiums year after year. 2. John gets very sick (cancer, stroke, heart attack etc). 3. Health insurer refuses to renew John's policy (at any price). 4. John's policy lapses because health insurer refused to renew policy. John now has no insurance. 5. Health Insurance Company now willing to sell John a policy that excludes coverage for John's cancer (heart attack, stroke etc) as a pre-existing condition.  This was how health insurers made certain they never had to pay big costs prior to 1996. If anyone got seriously ill, they simply refused to renew coverage and FORCED people who got sick to become uninsured and then claimed those people had pre-existing conditions when they sold them a new policy. That changed in 1996 with the passage of HIPAA which required insurers to offer renewal but did not regulate the price (allowing insurers to offer to renew but at very high premiums if an employee in a group plan or individual insured became sick).  That happened every single day. The majority of bankruptcies were the direct result of Americans losing their health coverage because they became ill. Americans paid THOUSANDS of dollars in health insurance premiums for coverage for the common cold but which didn't provide any long term protection against serious illnesses. And - this is EXACTLY what the health insurance industry wants to return to - they want the right to charge very high premiums if you get sick.  Edit-1: What is amazing is how (why) this information is so unknown.  Edit-2: I should clarify my experience with health insurance dates to the 1977-1995 time period. There are some regulations I do not have experience with (for example Cobra and continuing coverage after termination of employment and other possible state or federal regulations enacted subsequently such as HIPP).  Edit-3. So, I did some quick research and needed to clarify - my initial post accurately described health insurance pre-1996. In 1996 HIPPA was passed. HIPPA required insurers, for the first time ever, to offer renewal. However, it was an elusive "solution" since HIPPA placed no limits on the amount insurers could charge for renewal so the result was effectively the same. If you got sick, instead of a refusal to renew, insurers now offered to renew at such high premiums that it was the same as a refusal to renew. Only Obamacare finally provides protection against being forced off insurance if you get sick. THIS is the protection Republicans want to take away from middle class America (after all, insurance is only really needed by middle America - the uber wealthy don't worry about the cost of health care - and medical care for the poverty stricken is covered for free no matter what the system. It is middle class America that is provided protections for the first time in history under the ACA/Obamacare.) 
You're kidding right? THAT is what you requested? What is WRONG with you?
And the crazy thing is, everything out of Trump's mouth is made up bullshit - he is the biggest generator of Fake News around.
I lost a lot of respect for reddit when it allowed a fascist run subreddit to exist ... /r/the_donald has fascist ops that attempt to control free speech and control reddit itself. They can't handle the truth and use false stories to further their agenda. They are truly pathetic individuals who should be permanently banned from reddit if reddit had any integrity.
Bannon controls Trump and billionaires Robert and Rebekah Mercer control Bannon. They spent millions on Trump's election - and insisted Trump put Bannon in charge of his campaign. Why? Mercer "owns" Steve Bannon. Breitbart was in financial collapse and Mercer infused the necessary money to save it - thus "buying" Bannon's loyalty. Now Bannon is in control behind the scenes at the White House - but the real puppeteers are Robert and Rebekah Mercer.   [Multiple Articles via Google](https://www.google.com/search?q=Mercer+Bannon+Conway+Trump&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8)
Watch Full Metal Alchemist, you'll learn all the sins
Won Shi Ton didn't need the solstice to move his library back to the Spirit World
He closed down his golf resort in Miami this week, and built a sea wall  around his resort in Ireland.  Sounds like he believes in it when it affects him. 
Meh, sort of good intentions. She was immensely talented, and as powerful as a woman could be.  But that was get only real claim to fame.  Besides being gorgeous.  She desperately wanted to earn a third name for herself.
I didn't know Charlie Sheen was in the lion king. 
One of these days dude is going to discover therapy and medication.  I'm looking forward to him turning the corner.  
McCain is **not** equivalent to Trump. 
You are the reason Trump is president.  
&gt;Around 20 percent of the “defectors,” as Schaffner labeled them, were not fans of former President Barack Obama. Race appeared to play a role, with nearly half of the Sanders/Trump voters disagreeing with the notion that “white people have advantages.”  &gt;The swing of Sanders supporters to Trump seems to have had a major outcome of the election: without them, the data shows, Clinton might have won the presidency.   There was a racist, sexist contingent of the Sanders support that ultimately tainted his online presence and led to President Trump.    Fuck those guys. 
Thank you, it's nice that it's appreciated
I normally need to finish a series, but I managed to stop that one.  I *really* wanted it to get better.  Then I read the synopsis for one of the later ones and thought, good enough. 
Exactly, they need to keep the camera trained on that pussy. Just in case. 
It'll be like the Limmys Show episode where they're trying to explain which is heavier a kilogram of steel or a kilogram of feathers.
Also terrifying as fuck. This is the new normal and its goings to take thousands of deaths before we can properly adjust.  
There is.  But much like being gluten intolerant, the actual rate of incidence in people is far far lower than the people claiming to be effected.
The GOP is racist.  If you don't want racist people in power make sure a Republican is not elected.  
&gt;I don't agree with chemotherapy, it's too negative.  Have we tried meeting the cancer halfway?  FTFY.  I can't believe I have to state this but **It is ok to hate white supremacists.**  Full stop.  End of story. 
No, people looking for middle ground with bigotry are the problem.   Stop giving ground to hate.  You are with them.  
There isn't always a middle ground.  Sometimes you have to make a choice between one state or the other.  There's no 'kinda pregnant'. 
More importantly it'll be lost on the GOP. 
If you cut one open it would dissolve into digital energy.    That's the nature of Digimon.  They are pure digital energy given form.  If their program is damaged too much they revert to a less evolved form.  If they are very severely damaged they lose their firm entirely and they're reborn as a Digi egg 
Same shit was said about Comey, and look how that turned out.  Stop walking the tight rope and pick a side to jump. 
I don't think many people got the Community reference.  I got you fam
Does he plan on selling his land to the government? Cause that's part of this wall building that no one is talking about. A lot of the border is privately owned   
The POTUS belongs to the 'Party of Lincoln' and is currently defending confederates.   Shit changes. 
&gt;Trump promised to bring a fresh, outsider approach to the Oval Office, but about 7 in 10 voters nonetheless say the commander in chief’s behavior “is not what I expect from a president,” according to a poll released Thursday.  At least some of that 71% are [Trump voters.](http://www.freepik.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/01f.png)    So glad we made America great again. 
&gt; 👏ing  Love how this is both a 👏 and the word clap.
Nigeria is roughly as big as Texas and Utah combined. 
I think if you want to speak up you need to use all caps.  Bolding it makes it seem well enunciated but not louder. 
Are you Canadian?  Did the Wilder Penfield burnt toast = brain problem cross the border?
I don't know how you can type with your head so deep in the sand. 
I do blame Comey.  He wasn't supposed to be a political agent.  But he chose to be. That's on him.  No one else. 
He couldn't. Control. His agency.   He failed.  And his failure influenced the election. 
He shouldn't have written the letter until after the election.  He should have objected publicly to being used politically.  He should have demurred. He should have investigated quietly.  I do blame Comey.  He knew better.  He is not the victim.  We are the victims.  He fucked up.  He couldn't control his department.  And he knew it.
Agreed.  He felt he made the right decision in a tough call.  I feel he fucked over a country because he couldn't control his own office.  
If he didn't know his  "confidential memo" was going to be immediately leaked and used in the election then he had no sense to be running an espionage agency.
Entitled: How to lose jobs and influence elections  Comey is a smart guy who had a difficult job.   I was against Trump firing him but he really fucked up.  
This is a woman who took flak for liking *hot sauce*.  It's hard to take most of her missteps in proportion. 
Just think, this will be the answer on someone's History final exam in about 10 years. 
Oh, are they not coming around anymore?
Exactly.  The first parts of therapy are giving you the tools to get through your issue.  Those 'tools'  will often be specific to your personal needs.  And they're not always obvious to you.    After you have the tools and know how to use them I can totally see where this study is coming from.  
Wow, the Fire Department really is the expert on burns.  
Same woman bought pizza for Seth Rich in exchange for body slamming Bernie.  She couldn't be trusted. Thanks Electoral College!
Yeah, that kind of makes sense.  Maybe put in some ogier toughness too.
We'll never know, unless there's more notes for his wife to release.  I'd like to think there was a reason *all* the aiel have the same complexion and build even back before the Waste started culling the weak.    The Wheel of Time moves on and ages come and go.  At some point all the gingers will get super buff.  
Maaaybe.  There's at least some evidence that Aiel are superhuman.  They were very special during the AoL.  Maybe there *is* something in their genes that make them more durable, less reliant on water, more resilient to heat and cold?  
&gt;That's just what he does.  Best there is. 
Sigh, is this true?  Because fuck, America.  How did someone this ignorant get into power?  
It's hilarious that the real Steven King was blocked by Trump on Twitter
Do you have a link to said study cause that sounds like BS
We started down that slope ages ago under Bill Clinton.  Since then it's been discussed under every POTUS. It's here to stay.  Trump's just the most deserving.
You're a victim of propaganda. You should work on that.
Unfortunately those votes don't count as much as others.We're working at a disadvantage by design.  Making it even more important to show up and vote.   She beat him and it still didn't matter.  She lost because people on the left, people who now have to 'resist', didn't turn up on the day it mattered.  
I just want to know if he gets back in the water at the end
Good catch.  Not much lace. Just a touch.
This is why it's important to vote. Elections have consequences and we were warned about Trump.  
More statues *did* go up during the Civil Rights movement.  Many of these statues went up as a direct response to black people getting uppity.    There was even a story in Canada about a confederate plaque on the Montreal HBC coming down.  Why montreal?  Good question.  But the plaque went up in 1957 by United Daughters of the Confederacy.  
I thought it would curlier
No judgment, but I hope he washes his feet first.
She should at least be allowed a chance to convince people to vote for her. 
It's the same conspiracy theory meme as during the 2016 campaign. Just a way to dismiss her outright.    We must all be CTR shills amiright??  Where's my Soros money at?
Dude, you have no idea what your citations even say.  Be a better propagandist.  
I don't know what me of all people have to do with it, but so long as you're blindly slinging mud because someone named Clinton has an opinion I'm happy to correct you.
 At least that's a citation.  Now use your words.  What do you think this link means in the context of this thread?    Edit: As to your ninja edit quote  If you read the article, Band was double dipping and using the foundation for his own gain.  He was pissed at Chelsea because she was trying to change the system so he couldn't do it anymore.   &gt;At the time, Chelsea Clinton had already been pushing to enact tougher rules at the foundation regarding conflicts of interest and outside income.   That you're quoting the guy who was angry at her for making it harder for him to skim money and act unethically is hilariously ironic.  
You didn't cite anything.  What are 'those emails'?  Do you even know what you're talking about or just repeating talking points?  Clinton derangement syndrome in full swing. 
Wouldn't be a clinton thread without a vague mention of emails as a detraction
How many degrees in public policy do you have?  How many years have you spent running NGO's and political campaigns?  How much time have you spent working with political parties and governments?
Right, because she's got no other qualifications or value as a person.  Fuck off. 
I love that according to reddit this woman isn't allowed to have an opinion because of her name.  
Yeah this is something the racist right says to make themselves feel clever, like they found a loophole in antibigotry logic.  
Why can't I see how triggered this got them?
You have no idea how statistics works.  
This really came out when Bobby got sent to the military school Cotton went too and Cotton became the principle.  He put Bobby in The Hole for 2 days, which was a day longer than Cotton lasted in there.  And he came out fine.  
Click the link and RTFA. 
Now you're just making assumptions to fit your preconceived ideas.
it's not, but it's representative of Canadian racists
&gt;my default is to assume **everyone** is racist until proven otherwise  If you're treating everyone the same regardless of skin colour you're not being racist.  At worst they're a misanthrope.  There's a difference
They're just a cesspit, a canadian t_d/altright.    Though watch them scurry now that they're being noticed for being racists douchebags 
[Here's video of him saying it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goy_L4lj9B4)
Don't know how it's different, but check out an r/canada thread on natives, BLM, or refugees to get an idea of Canadian racists. 
The Iraq War.    Honestly reddit made me feel so old during this election.  We *just* had Bush ruin the world for a 8 years and now we want to double down on Red because Clinton sent some emails?  Fuck. 
It's a shit system that Sanders agreed to **and** tried to use to his advantage to overturn the will of the people.  So cry me a river.    I will defend her.  She was a good candidate and would have won if the GOP and Russia hadn't colluded to run together to convince gullible idiots on the left to not show up.  
&gt; until he's remembered only as the Nazi-in-Chief.  Little late for that.  Now history is just waiting to see how far this shit stain will spread.  So far the entire GOP is looking brown. 
Yeah, that's how the system works.  Which both agreed to when they started.   Sanders became a Dem to run because he knew he had no chance running as an independent.  Why would any of the supers support him?  Meanwhile Clinton has been an active party member for decades with loads of good work under her belt.  She was a known quantity, and not just using them to get ahead.  And before you get too far into the 'superdelegates are unfair' debate,[ let's not forget that Sanders was trying to flip them *after* the voters had decided.](http://www.npr.org/2016/05/19/478705022/sanders-campaign-now-says-superdelegates-are-key-to-winning-nomination) If he was trying to overturn the voters decision using supers I don't think you have a leg to stand on.    So you can stop with the propaganda now. 
Not to mention [how well liked Clinton was](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-politics-clinton-idUSBRE9170NZ20130208) before the GOP/Russia collab.  She was smart, capable, and popular.  She needed to be taken down.  
I don't know about that.  His 47% video was made in private and leaked.  That killed a lot of his support.  
They didn't give her a free run.  She won the most votes.    Give up the propaganda.  
The bankers who were handed $700B of freshly minted digital money are the same ones who raise your rent and shame you for wanting a living wage.  Why even bother participating in such a system?
Perfect summation of the online dating era.
I heard your brain likes brains, so we made a brain so your brain can study your brain.
&gt;I'm just upset I kind of wasted the trip watching a TV show instead of reflecting and immersing myself in the experience.  It sounds like you reflected anyway :)
&gt;The thought of the most greedy ruthless backstabbing people we have produced locked up together with each other makes me smile.  That would make a great movie, actually...  At first, they're so proud of themselves, because they have such large hoards of gold. Then, as the days go by, they slowly start to go insane and attack each other, as they're trapped 30 feet underground, surviving off of dry grains and evaporated milk...then their hard drives with all of their TV/movies suddenly fails :D
All that is preventing him from plunging to his death is some shoulder straps and a tiny little seat with his legs dangling. 
The Utopian future we were promised is actually identical to the 1980s and 1990s, but with far less jobs and income. Oh, and no one talks to each other anymore...but hey! We have candy crush and CGI-filled super-hero movies!
&gt;You can’t even flirt with a fucking girl anymore without being called a creep. What the hell is wrong with the world anymore?  Smart phone addictions made us forget what its like to actually be human.
People are so hopelessly psychologically enslaved to money, that they can't even begin to understand a concept as immeasurable as "quality of life". :-)  We are taught from birth, that poor people can't be happy, can't be fulfilled, and the more money you burn, the happier you will be.
My CPU/monitor uses 50 watts (although a powerful gaming PC can use up to 300). In comparison, a 100HP car uses 75,000 watts. And that is the energy getting to the wheels. In terms of heat energy consumed, it is closer to 375,000 watts, or 1,250 gaming computers.  If your daily commute is 20 minutes, that equates to ~415 hours of gaming. Even if you used your VR 8 hours a day every day, that single commute would be equal to 52 days of gaming.
*Roads? Where we're going, we won't need roads...*
I shall summon the "whomste'er'vely-est."
Save some of their funny money, plan your future escape and paradise. ;-)
&gt;you could make the hypothesis that Japan has a 10- to 17-year head start in societal decline.  Could smart phones accelerate this timeline?
The solution lies in the private sector, not the public one.
This is noticeably the warmest October I can ever remember in the 30 years I've been on this earth. Pretty scary, TBH.
I think it is really interesting/strange how mirrored the cultures seem to be. 
Yep, the math checks out ;-)
Fun fact - The US constitution never authorizes the government to have the power to make substances illegal. So the war on drugs is 100% unconstitutional and illegal itself.
Wow, that was dark. :-(
Writing poetry is my journal.
Republicans are an elephant. Democrats are a donkey.  Donkeys are historically also known as an "ass"
Shining through darkness,  An image you harness,  As your life does cease.  .  The grand wizard,  Guiding us home,   To rest in peace.
"Life" doesn't have preferences, society does. The main mechanism of this is the inheritance of wealth and assets.
In turn, at $50/barrel, those 10 billion barrels of oil wouldn't even fund the US military for one year.
&gt; But money in the modern economy seems more like a signal such as ant pheromones.  I'm loving this analogy. It works so well.
It is only $3,000 per US taxpayer. Meh
Simply genuine enthusiasm, being comfortable naked, sensual touch/kissing, etc.
Living in a better way by example and sharing that lifestyle? Workshops, etc?
&gt;a guy who took lsd everyday for a year  This kills the psyche
So much hate and violent tendencies here. Shameful
The word "courted" as well. 
Seems difficult to create. 
Certain areas will be more effected than others. But overall, yeah, most people cannot truly "wake up" and act until their very way of life is threatened. It is human nature, sadly, and no fancy heavily emotional, well researched YT documentary will change that.
The weight of the ice is a tiny fraction of the weight of the ocean and bedrock. So, no, not on a meaningful scale.  A much bigger but similar problem is the redistribution of soil nutrients as humans grow very nutrient hungry crops and repeatedly ship the harvests to cities, where humans crap and piss it into a sewer system, thus never returning to the soil. Certain sewage treatment facilities have begun recycling some of the waste and sell it to farmers, but it is a small % of the total.
He probably hadn't even heard of dmt until you told him about it that day, lol
Yes, high sex is better than sober sex.
&gt;The silicon economy, you forget about that.  Reddit makes peanuts. They're part of the peanut economy. Most successful "YouTubers" probably make under $20k/year.
This and profiting from additional bureaucratic costs, essentially.
Meet her to meat her, by her meter.
A couple dozen trips over 16 years? Yeah, that's nothing. Hmmm  Maybe you just need to take your mind off of the bigger picture.
But in the end it didn't even matter
Being showered in compliments/attention, AKA being an alpha female also applies. 
They do make sense. Hypergamy. AWALT. They don't even see you as human, because you aren't a potential Chad.  Frame their behavior in this way, and it makes perfect sense.    
A better question...Who goes to a house party and only drinks 1.5 beers?
Well, abuse is generally defined as a level of use which negatively effects your life, so OP could be defined as abuse?
That's where you went wrong. You need to act like your boss is Jesus himself, and bow to him, praise him, and ask about his wife and kids every other day...for 20 years.
&gt;My ability to concentrate on my work, to keep large amount of code in my working memory, to be present for my family and friends. It all went downhill.  Did you use psychedelics, or abuse psychedelics?
You should've kissed more ass while you had one.
I disagree. Work smart, not hard.
By $27,000 and to $27,000 are two very different things.  &gt;Canisius' current tuition of $34,966 will drop next fall by 23 percent to $27,000
Is there something similar for Windows explorer?
Laws are a problematic system of structural oppression.
&gt;Ultimately most guys are going to thirst over women  Well, either you pursue women or you don't. So damned if you do (labeled "thirsty, desperate, etc), damned if you don't (women won't pursue you). That is why MGTOW is a thing. Just abandon the whole dating scene, because it is a frustrating waste of energy dealing with most single women at all.
You're truly listening and watching their body language.   There is much to be gained from this, as well as silence.
Excellent info. I've noticed that most inexperienced users aren't aware of the effects and dangers these drugs may cause. This post is even sticky-worthy IMO.
Well I think it's less a matter of control (since men everywhere are hopefully dropping their beta tendencies, and thus can't be outright manipulated and taken advantage of) and more just a general total dysfunction of the dating market.  Dating apps have also further massively distorted the problems caused by hookup culture, inflating women's sense of self-worth beyond any reasonable measure. This is why you have so many otherwise average and boring women thinking they are a celebrity or model or something.
Earth once had ~1200ppm CO2, so we still have over a 200% increase still to go! (buried in the ground somewhere)  We'll find it and burn it, and most of the biosphere won't be able to adapt in time.
True wisdom is both ancient and eternal.
I hear starbucks pays $12/hr in some cities.
There is an often repeated observation on TRP: When a woman has sex with a man of certain SMV, she will never again lower her standards below that man.  Thus, women would rather be "plated" (or attempt to be plated) by a top tier man than date someone who is perceived to have less SMV than her.  The end result? Lots of leftover men who are willing to compromise, and lots of women who aren't willing to compromise. 
People do K at Vegas casinos? Huh?
Don't worry, you hit the bottom eventually. :-)
Yep. Gotta chase that feel-good dopamine hit, like a lab rat.  These businesses are just reflecting the original dopamine gold mine - cocaine.
We could all switch to "fountain" style beverage consumption, with reusable cups that we keep in our cars.
TBH, this is all very interesting and has widespread ramifications for the EU, and secession/independence in other "western" democracies. I could see secession in the US playing out in a similar manner.  &gt;Spain's justice minister warned that any declaration of independence could lead to article 155 of the country's constitution being invoked which allows the national government to intervene in the running of an autonomous region.  Sounds like a threat of violent invasion, based on what happened the other day. A clear violation of human rights.
Everything you see was created by someone moving their hands in a certain way. Sort of like they were casting a spell. ;-)
&gt; more housing means more profit for everyone  Not necessarily. If rental rates drop by 30-50%, the increase in supply won't make up for the decrease in revenue.  The person building new housing will profit, but not "everyone". That is the point of competition, so that a whole industry doesn't operate like a homogeneous self-interested entity.
Finally an honest article that attacks the root of the problem.  And the real reason we can't compete in the global economy? Housing costs. And we won't do anything to address that, because we're ruled by landlords, banks, and hedge funds... and we wouldn't want to disturb their golden calf (rent and mortgages).
The media holds up the EU as some kind of enlightened utopia, so I would say it is relevant.
It is the nature of the state. Their revenue (taxation and inflation) is completely separated from their effectiveness and efficiency. In fact, the more corrupt they are, *the more they are rewarded.* And at the expense of the general population.
&gt;i disagree. we really need global unity  So your ideal is the following?  Individual ---&gt; Senator ---&gt; Ambassador to UN ---&gt; UN  With the UN somehow knowing (or caring) what is best for you and your community, and coordinating funds and power effectively, without corruption, to your locality?  Put down the koolaid, man.
She doesn't sell shit. She owns companies which employ people who sell metal/ore.
People will produce as long as they can make a profit, and they can pass taxation and other BS onto the consumer.  When profit is outlawed, then people stop producing and shortages result (see: Venezuela).
I love it, but I'm a happy drunk.  It is more for entertainment and socialization than for bonding or life-changing experiences.
&gt;capitalism's greatest hits.  A good name for a punk band.
lol. This isn't /r/collapse material.
What do you propose they do? They're already allowing free speech, which our rulers would prefer they didn't.
"Worship the god of democracy with us"
It is information overload. It psychologically paralyzes most of us, and makes those who are not, so very easy to ignore and marginalize.  *"Oh, XYZ said some interesting things. Oh well, let me go browse facebook..."*
Wouldn't it be funny if we suddenly switched currencies, and their money was useless overnight?
You left out the endless suburban sprawl of McMansions that no one can afford, and a culture built on debt, spending, and "keeping up with the Jones'".
Your first mistake was expecting the mainstream media to tell the truth. They're institutions designed to output propaganda and division.
That our decisions and actions can be as infinite as our thoughts.
:-)  The chainsaw only works if you have enough people willing to be part of the chainsaw club.
If you drop you still get to keep all your match wins. I've even scored too low for prizes because I was in 9th and 8th place had won two rounds and then dropped :/
Mono-red Tron can be built for about that much. But it ends up being a budget version of a budget deck.
You might want to brush up on what trinket text is. This is clearly a major mechanic of the card.
That's not also true either. If someone dropped but was still in the top 50%, then prizes wouldn't be handed out to them, but the store wouldn't necessarily move those prizes down to the next in line. They just assume that the person who won them forfeits the winnings when they drop.
Commas were a great invention. 
"that share all of their colors" seems a lot better than this mess to me.
Sooo... That's still not new content. Same content, new rewards.
The cards do what they say they do. If it says it activates once per turn, then it activates once per turn. If it says it activates any time some event happens, then it activates every time that event happens.
But the pockets is like 90% of the reason to wear mens pants!
Ohhh I see. That's actually a pretty good question then.
Most right handed people have their deck on the right.
No. You cast it so you control it. Once it's cast it becomes a new object and hostage taker no longer is linked to that card.
I'm hoping they make the new set differently. Making it possible to play a super casual game with an unset would be great. I want cards that result in crazy and funny gameplay, not things I look at once and never use.
Are there basic lands in every pack?
Don't the rules also specifically say you can't determine the outcome of a game using any outside object? It's not just slow play, you can't play a different game and have it effect the round at all. 
You can argue about if types are considered relevant for strictly better. Some people like to consider them, most don't. With lands it makes more of a difference than most cards, but when referring to stictly better lands, non-basic types is not considered. According to Maro, they don't print cards stictly better than basics lands, and then clarified that making them non-basic or legendary doesn't change this. The only reason kamigawa legendary lands exist is because those were printed using old legendary rules.        Also strictly better doesn't even mean better in "reasonable situations". I think lightning bolt and strike plus chalice of the void is a good example. Pretend you have a deck that regularly gets out challice on 1 counter. Bolting is also a big theme of this deck. In fact, both of these come up enough in your deck that you need to run lightning strike over bolt so that it gets around your own challice.    It doesn't matter. Bolt is *always* strictly better than strike. Same effect for lower cost is always better. The situation the cards are played in is not relevant. 
I'm not sure about that actually. Now, if the damage would kill the minion, then yes, usually you would rather lose 2 health than a minion. You'd usually rather lose 2 health than damage one of your minions. But in situations where it's going to trade anyway, it effectively protects you from 2 damage. And in egg decks it can be quite strong. 
That sounds really threatening when you phrase it like that 
Talk to Maro about it then dood. It's straight from him. 
Duals are strictly better than basics. Limiting to 4 of, or being hit by things like blood moon do not prevent them from being strictly better. Strictly better does not mean better in every possible situation ever conceived, otherwise nothing would ever actually be strictly better than anything else.
I feel like this is pretty accurate. I feel like Temur is a bit stronger, but I think Sultai is a lot more fun.
Pretty sure its been mentioned on maros tumblr or twitter or something. Its more than unwritten at this point, as hes even made clarifications (like limiting to 4 of does not make it worse than a basic).
Seems just like a shitty political post and unrelated to SJW at all.
Pretty sure the point of updates isnt to change random mechanics and totally break game balance. Changing things to be more consistent/intuitive is always a better update than fucking with things that dont need changing just for the hell of it.
No, this is great as is. Modern burn will just play cards that are considered bad in almost every other deck. Like it even plays [[Lava Spike]]. 
Is it different loot than what spawns there in the pregame lobby thing?
And that the 0xFFFFFFFF error is quite a common one, with multiple causes. Its pretty much always due to an issue where whatever is pointing to it wrong. 
Exactly why modern burn considers it basically another lightning bolt. It seems fun in a draft setting though. Im not a fan of the idea that every custom card needs to be pushed enough to see modern play.
Negative numbers are treated as 0 when something else looks at them. 
Its strictly better than a basic land. Lands cannot be printed that are strictly better than basics.
A clip is what holds the ammo to be inserted into a magazine. The best way to explain it is that clips feed magazines and magazines feed guns. Using every round that was in the clip that you used to fill the magazine is spraying the whole clip. Its kinda like saying "I put a full box of ammo into him." Maybe not as accurate as magazine, but still correct usage here.
You trying to say youre a CS grad and think that means something here? Or are you randomly upset that *Im* a CS grad so I should shut up?
A combo can totally be setting up an automatic loop if that's what your deck needs to do. The 3 hostage taker loop can be a game winning combo if you have an enchantment that deal damage to an opponent whenever a creature etbs. What they're trying to do is detect infinite loops, so the game doesn't awkwardly stall out. 
3 hostage takers will form an infinite loop on an open board and stall the game out. That's not "nothing happens", and in fact the rules declare a loop like this to be a draw. The issue is getting the game to detect when it's infinitely looping. You can't just say "is over when one person dies lol" since a good number of loops won't kill a player. If you wanted to just make it do nothing like you said, the loop still needs to be detected. How do you do that?
The last few (usually) kilobytes of memory are reserved. Usually for use in virtual memory by most operating systems. 0xffffffff is at the very end of the address space so if any memory is reserved, that address will always be in there. Programs should not be trying to access it. 
No, make sure the instruction at 0xf6bc594f has a correct reference. It shouldnt be trying to read 0xffffffff
Oops, that true. Didnt even think about the interaction before posting.
Right... So what about every loop where that doesn't happen? You just wanna let a few hostage takers stall out the game since an opponent doesn't reach 0 life?
Two [[hostage taker]]s on an empty board forces a loop. I think that's the easiest/most well known right now.
Technically clip is correct here too.
Is that kibler playing next to him? He was my favorite hearthstone streamer back when I played that, Id love it if he was still doing anything magic related.
I literally just said all I want is less exploitative monetization options due to the unwillingness of players to pay a realistic full price for a game. What are you even trying to "debunk" here?
Good god this guy is annoying. So fucking full of himself. And nothing he says here contradicts what Im saying. Yes, games tack on a lot more in the form of DLC and transactions. But thats because players are so set in the notion that games can never be purchased for more than 60 buck. So, the industry (who needs to make more than 60 a game to even fucking stay in business) finds other places to add that money. Keep in mind that with the skillset they have, the games industry is one of the worst paying ones out there. Practically anyone programming for Dice could raise their salary by 30% if they worked somewhere else. They do it because the devs actually care about making games. Its not some fucking scam plot. This guy has no real idea what the fuck hes talking about. Its like he made a video entirely out of completely uninformed reddit comments. And the fact that one of the famously worse games for this adds up to an amazing... $110.... Nice try.
I'm happy to pay extra for cosmetics. $60 is fucking low for a game. The price hasn't gone up in decades. Despite games taking many times more work and people to create, prices haven't even kept up with inflation. Im happy to end up paying $100+ total for a game, but do it in fair way. Don't screw over people with P2W bullshit. 
Needs the doctor down there too.
Im excited for it. It looks way better than trying to scry in any other online version Ive seen. Super easy way to see what is placed where, and in what order.
In hearthstone they do this when they nerf cards, which is nice. I think they need to keep this the same as paper, no changing cards and causing a split there. But when they ban cards it seems necessary to refund them.
You can always call a judge for this. Especially if you think theyre not treating the cards properly when shuffling. 
I know twitch is trying very hard to make it easy for people to do things like this. The engine amazon is working on right now even has built in twitch integration, and allows the streamer to set up a different UI for viewers. 
Not sure it really needs it. I haven't had very many situations on Sultai where using a card to give some things unblockable would be worth it. Its not bad, but it still takes up slots in the deck, and the payoff doesnt seem needed.
I thought ITT meant Interesting Thread Topic for a while, but that at least fits most of it's contextual usages. 
The post title here is the flavor text on the original card. Amazing art too.
Well that's too bad because there obviously is. It's not a big deal, but there is. You can argue that it's not worth brining up, but you can't argue that there's no issue whatsoever.
I pointed out the issue with the card and even offered a possible simple solution. What more do you want? I'm not trashing the card or design, I actually love it. 
Well she is cosplaying a person of color. Purple is a color. I thought it was pretty funny. 
That comparison doesnt really fit at all. They dont change the rules with every set either, just when its really needed. I have nothing wrong with saying theres rules changes associated with custom cards either. I think more mechanics referring to detained creatures could be really cool, and it would probably come with a small rules change there. But its better to mention that or to make the card work within existing rules. Thats good design.    People can design whatever they want, but its not all good, or even if it is good, its not all perfect. This card has a small bit to improve on where I pointed out. You shouldn't get upset about constructive criticism.
Its in 3 colors.   Its not a may effect and it can hit your own creatures.   Its still hard to judge tho. 
Feels really awkward that the entwine just makes it do something else entirely. Like, sure its related to choosing both modes, but its still an effect the replaces the two options. It seems more like it should be kicker or something, since the last text is overriding entwine anyway.
It always refers to itself. Saying "Dimir Messenger cant block" is the same as "this creature can't block". Its still in effect if you change the card's name.
I was pretty sure they didnt mean that. Either way, it needs rewording.
Shit you right. "Was" is much more correct there.
Because it refers to the specific effect of detaining, rather than referring to it as a continuous effect. The games recognises the original detain event targeting a creature. So things need to refer to that original detain event rather than considering it a characteristic of a creature.
Ya, technically it does. Magic tries very very hard to be as specific and accurate in its rules as possible. "Pretty clear" is never enough. As much as I love the simplicity of the wording of this card, it just doesn't fit in the rules. Youd either have to change the rules for detain, or phrase it as something similar to    &gt;Destroy target creature that has been detained since the start of your last turn.
I agree that to anyone reading the card it is a better way to put it. But magic makes sure its rules are very very precise. The reason its such a massive rulebook is because they make sure to eliminate every single instance of "clear enough" and make sure nothing is debatable. 
Im using status shorthand for "Continuous Effect" in this case, which is covered under 611 in the rules. Event is referring to an non-continuous effect  covered in section 609.   The exact text of detain (701.27a) is   &gt;Certain spells and abilities can detain a permanent. Until the next turn of the controller of that spell or ability, that permanent can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.      The important thing is that spells and abilities "detain", and the act of detaining is to apply a continuous effect until the next turn which prevents them from attacking, blocking, or activating abilities.   I think in this case its pretty unintuitive because of how the word detain functions in english.    Think of it this way. In some video game, a sorcerer has a "fireball" ability. Casting fireball will light the target on fire. Specifically it applies a debuff called "burning". They couldn't make another skill that has the effect "remove fireball from a target." The target isn't affected by fireball. Its affected by burning, caused by a fireball.    This is similar. Detaining something applies "cannot attack or block and activated abilities cannot be activated", it does not apply an effect known as "detained". 
Thats mostly true. You could say "creature that was detained since your last turn". That works just fine because events are remembered and it's referring to an event rather than a status.    Keywords that are tracked say so in the rules. For example, monstrous reads "that creature becomes monstrous", and "equipped creature" is specifically defined in the rules (301.5a), saying "The creature an Equipment is attached to is called the 'equipped creature.'"
because "detain" is an event, not a status. Detaining a card does not make it *become* detained, its an event that makes the card unable to attack or block.
Oh shit, I knew they sounded similar. Similar enough that I always call beast Zoltan.
Same. Jailer doesn't even work within the rules. 
Totally unlike saying "fuck the fanbase" right?
Honestly the people complaining about the fanbase are much more annoying. let people do what makes em happy. Stop whining because someone likes something you dont.
Ya, a lot of custom cards will use it. MSE (magic set editor) is one of the best/most common, and they have built in triple color.
I saw a BWU deck today that was running a bunch of treasure effects with [[hidden stockpile]] and [[marionette master]]. Came in 2nd I think. 
Yes it is, but you can't really run her and have it be a budget version
Play thru the first expansion. Things go differently with him.
Im not sure what the question is. One enchants a creature, the other is creature or artifact. But that says so right there on the card. Im not sure where the confusion is.
RoboRosewater isnt a neural network is it? I thought it was just using markov chains. It seems to do a very poor job compared to a lot of other card generating neural networks.
This *is* optimizing the game. Trees have to be painted in at long distances. No amount of other optimizations are going to compensate for that.
I support them making less competitive promos for FNM. I think FNM is supposed to be more fun and casual than other events. But like, at least make the tokens something cool. This is no better than the 18 vampire tokens I threw out from the prerelease. They *need* to do more than foil them.
That doesnt show anything about gunplay, just about server issues.
I think its pretty great, ignoring server issues as thats its own thing. There seems to be more of an importance for first shot accuracy and a better focus on mid to long range fights than in other games. Most shooters are designed around much faster paced close quarters combat. The larger maps here require a different style of gun play and the game backs it up well.   
Very minor thing, but I'd use magic set editor if you're making a custom set. It does the templating a whole lot better.
Having a few NSFW cards is fine... But every single card you have is just for you to look at tits. It gets weird. 
Too vague to be a real fix. Is this per turn, per activation, ever?  Maybe as "choose one that hasn't been chosen"?
Make it so that you can choose new targets, but you don't control it. That may cause other issues I'm not thinking of, and it's less intuitive, but it would fix a lot of the big cases.
Design includes balance. The flavor is great, the mechanics are great, the balance is bad. 
What would you price this at? 5 Mana seems like the high end. 
Doesn't matter... Unless you grab a [[verdant sun's avatar]]!!
You can however trigger off things being detained. "Whenever a creature is detained..." Is valid if detain is a keyword. But I think you're right. The game doesn't remember the creature as being "detained" specifically, just that it cannot attack or block.
You have an interesting point about colorless though. This is any type, not any color. That means if you have no other lands that tap for C, this still does, and that's a huge difference. 
Pretty much this. Storm count is not recognized by the rules, it's just shorthand for "number of spells that have been cast this turn", since that's what storm looks at.
No it doesn't. "Snow Mana" is not a type of Mana. There is Mana produced by snow permanents, but the rules do not recognize it as another type, just as a different source of Mana.   
Letting the smallest die is definitely more capitalistic. And for neutrality sake I'll point out that letting *everyone* die *equally* is communism. 
Seems Naya to me. Capitalism is black, and communism is white. Red and green both mess with Mana, green moreso. It would do fine as GW, but if it's communism it's gotta have red.
If it has two counters on it it still has *a* counter on it. "A counter" doesn't mean "exactly one"
War is just more specific. Violence obviously means non-war violence. 
What the fuck do you want? It isnt anything more than a clear picture of the greentext...
Is not a *large* continent.
fuck trump